tweets
"HERE
WE
GO"
good night 🌙
"gonna play dota with my discord members on stream. 
see you on twitch."
"anyone else experiencing a nested collection bug in 2.93?

putting a collection inside another collection and then saving the blend file would trigger the bug. where the parent collection would be deleted and the child collection disappearing from the view layer."
could be either of these for all I care
"third disco elysium session live now on twitch.
back seating allowed, no spoilers."
seeing this comparison chart between the current development of Cycles-X and E-cycles 7 makes me really look forward to what @ECycles1 has in their bag for this version 👀
"ok these crypto discord scammers are getting more creative and went as further as impersonating KFC (yes you read that right, KFC)."
anybody know why Fracture Iterator is removed/suspended from @blendermarket? looked through @pictofilmo twitter and website but couldn't find any info about this :(
intel OID is now officially better than nvidia OptiX. at least in e-cycles 2.93 RC.
i have a gut feeling that those who's pissed about paying extra for fees when they ordered go-food doesn't even bother tipping the drivers 🤷‍♀️
2nd session in disco elysium. live now on twitch.
"i just bought the dip. you should too. 📈
get the dip by @MrDavids1 on @hicetnunc2000 ✨"
"beanbag from @radtherandom to myself 
(circa 2018)"
streaming disco elysium now
i wish they'd update this playlist again
huh are u saying i can cryptographically proof that i was the legitimate creator of this work while (maybe) making some money out of it
still one of the most chilling video
Kominfo press release regarding citizen data breach:
one minute remaining.
what a brilliant show.
"this work of mine is more relevant than ever this week.

our govt had a citizen data breach that's being sold on RF for dirt cheap, yet the only action they took was to block access to the site 💩

(currently owned by /rudy on @SuperRare)"
"i can't comprehend the logic in this. 
how is this gonna stop our data from being sold on the black market??"
oldpersononline.eth
yes you totally should
i'm stuck in this loop where i'm a little too late by global standards and almost always too advance by local standards. fuck.
just collected Peter Cung's very important genesis piece featuring their home VHS tapes from the late 90s as well as a peek at one of Indonesia's dark history of the year 1998. very important work. i'm glad to be able to get the very first edition too.
ace combat screenshots radiate major archillect vibes
"100 (one-hundred) editions of free_agent_zer0 were minted on @hicetnunc2000 just now. 

🔗

I want to play a game: you get to choose how many editions were minted, but i'll decide how long this limited supply lasts."
"final result at 100 editions.
👁️ keep your eyes on  to collect free_agent_zer0."
35 minutes left to vote. quite interesting vote distribution 👽
free_agent_zer0
"✅fuck the government (not necessarily the one you think)
✅buy crypto
✅secure your shit"
might fuck around and mint something on @hicetnunc2000 today
imagine how quickly an offer can be made in the tezos chain.
this is actually quite brilliiant
i should probably upgrade @m3m0rydump to GPT-2 instead.
"geoguessr live soon with @Nahiiko on twitch.
-"
"we're going live to play geoguessr in about an hour on my twitch and @Nahiiko's. see you there. 
   👁️"
LOUDER
"my artwork criticizing black market sales of breached database sold for more as NFT than this BPJS kesehatan database ffs 🥲
-"
🇮🇩 national healthcare db was hacked and sold for dirt cheap top kek
geez at least scrub the URLs ffs
*laughs in 6K anamorphic shot on GH5s for wtf indo finale*
"multi-GPU rendering is yet to be supported on cycles-x branch of Blender 3.0, however running two instances of Blender on different GPUs and have both instances rendering the same blend file seems to be working."
"me: *checking my protonmail*
gmail:"
copped @Nahiiko's first iFrame on @hicetnunc2000. get yours now.
🥺
at your own risk
x
"pardon the incoherent tweet coming out of my distorted clone, but it just mentioned itself and Isha Hening 👽"
just copped another @RIMBAWANGERILYA over at @hicetnunc2000. get yours now.
it's funny to see myself through a distorted mirror
this new skrillex slaps
Very interesting indeed.
crash and burn
this new discord color is actually a bigger problem than the logotype redesign
ugh
i can smell the burnout season coming
geometry node is easily one of the best things about blender today
"𝐈𝐭'𝐬 𝐧𝐨𝐰 𝐬𝐚𝐟𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐧 𝐨𝐟𝐟 
𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐮𝐭𝐞𝐫."
heed my warnings.
every day i put myself further away from indon influencer culture 💩
this was a classic
先生を消す方程式 spoiler without context
the metaverse doesn't wait for anyone
a smart contract is amazing because you can't trust humans just off of a legally binding document. you can read or interact with smart contracts and it will never try to cheat you.
i need graswald to be updated for 2.93😭
The night is coming to an end.
so many things are at work and even bigger things are in motion.
"if anything, this doge surge just shows how value (even on all fiat currency) is floating and varies when said currency isn't pegged to any assets."
ceban fak
"Memories of the Night is presented in an interactive digital 3D environment. As a set of artwork that can only be experienced in a fully digital environment, #memoriesofthenight justifies the need to utilize the #NFT and blockchain technology to be shared, preserved, and traded🌙"
"The fifth memory in the #memoriesofthenight #NFT series is a bit special as it features @scoolyosys frozen in time during one of her nighttime study sessions. 

This fifth memory is coming tonight to @hicetnunc2000.
🔗"
"God spoke to me last night, she said the world is coming to an end, and it's only a matter of time before we lost everything."
better cop that Felt Zine Print Issue 01 before burning 🔥
"slight hiccup during the tokenization of my fourth memory.
coming up in a few minutes."
"The fourth night is coming. 
The third and the second memories are still available on @hicetnunc2000. 

🔗

🌙#memoriesofthenight #NFT"
SHEEEEEEEEESH
i guess someone found my personal portfolio site on the IPFS 👀
"""God spoke to me last night.""

👁🧿👁‍🗨🥽◼️
 in 30 minutes."
.@usagi_gallery
"geoguessr live on twitch. 
360° only, no moving, OSINT allowed"
i'm hyped for OXENFREE II
"""i wish they make bigger Yakult to fill my entire bottle of 한국의 소주.""
"
"one anonymous collector under tz1fyLpa8q92TBFuqb9amtpiPbN5TAYBGpTR has collected the first edition of Memory № 2.



🌙#memoriesofthenight"
"who knows what might happen on the 7th day.

🌙#memoriesofthenight"
"polls received.
twitch tonight (UTC+7)"
geoguessr streaming in a bit?
i'm proud that i can say it's a heavily customized N-Gage QD
we are all a glitch suspended in a temporal aberration that is our universe
"All 10 of Memory № 1: Genesis has found their collectors.


🌙#memoriesofthenight has begun and will continue tomorrow.

@hicetnunc2000 #NFT #nftcollectors"
"first artwork in my @hicetnunc2000 collection comes from @yumayanagisawa.

really beautiful work 😭😭"
i completely missed out on this @Nahiiko
"slight hiccup on my end during tokenization on HEN. 
first memory coming up very soon."
darn my screen gamma settings.
ꜩ
"🌎 ☀️

🌏 🌕"
nobody* cares abt what u do until u make serious money out of it
"""Don't be sad."""
s o o n
mechanical cat ears supremacy in @artvatars 🦾🐱
correction is imminent and inevitable. #NFT
louder
louder
"despite the NFT scene is starting to slow down on my end, i think i will be forever grateful for the opportunity to get to know more digital artists out there and build connections with them. 

🖤"
"nice.png 
$eth #eth"
interactivity on @hicetnunc2000 is exceptional. probably better than most mainstream NFT marketplace/platform.
crypto twitter bashing on average instagram pleb is my kind of sunday morning entertainment.
the realization just hit me that we've been under pandemic lockdown for more than a year when we have our second secret sky festival
Thanks to forum All About Speedy Kaskus &amp; OpenDNS!
"Dan untuk itu, gue pake DNSCrypt dari OpenDNS. Bisa di Windows maupun Mac."
DNS yg jalan di port 53 nggak akan bisa ngelewatin Internet Positif lagi. Termasuk googleDNS. Harus pake cara lain.
Berhasil bypass Internet Positif yg snooping DNS port 53. Gue sekarang pake OpenDNS.
Semalem baca manga di kissmanga pake Indosat masih bisa. Barusan mau akses lewat wifi rumah gue yg pake speedy + googledns udah gabisa.
Yg parah ini TrustPositif &amp; Internet Positif. Mereka gak ada fitur normalisasi. Cuma ada pengaduan utk nambah blacklist.
"Dulu sempet diblokir oleh Nawala, tapi mereka ada fitur report website yg salah blok seperti kasus Kissmanga ini. Jadi bisa langsung dilepas"
Otaknya di mana asstaga ya tuhan
"Tapi harus gue akuin, yg ngebentuk gue jadi kayak begini juga salah satunya Kaskus. Peranan nya gede banget."
Flamer bisa berhari hari bertahan akunnya. Dan kayaknya udah gak main blok IP lagi ya kalo parah? That's bad man..
Enuff manga for today! Selamat malam!
Berasa ngantuk tidur 3 jam
Tetep susah tidur
#offline.
bntar lagi tidur ahh
ok Midsommar looks like it's gonna be a high key horror now i really wonder how it'd turn out
i'm dead serious about wishing you dead
don't be such an animal yall restart your router and reconnect to the wifi. also flush the DNS if you can.
"DING DING DING DING 
DING DING DING DING 
good news for telkom indihome subscribers:
TELKOM LIFT THE BAN ON NETFLIX.
marilah berhimpun dan bersukaria"
my bad; yes nagato is an alien who came from a higher type civilization out there but there's no guarantee whether or not she started as being a self-aware individual or merely an AI installed in a humanoid shell.
"and by the end of the film, i keep thinking what kind of payoff will they serve to wrap up the nagato problem. and hey i was REALLY SATISFIED OF HOW IT'D TURN OUT FOR YUKI. thanks kyon for finally stepping up for her after all that years and time loop. THE GIRL DESERVES IT &lt;33333"
and if u think about it she's practically an AI that is slowly becoming self aware of herself and getting annoyed of spending 500+ years experiencing the same two week then grew tired out of it and decided to break against the rules set against herself is PRETTY DAMN AMAZING
most important of all; this movie was not about haruhi – but YUKI NAGATO instead. THIS IS BIG CONSIDERING HOW YUKI IS SOMEWHAT IMPORTANT IN THE STORY IN 2 SEASONS OF THE SERIES. like yes she's important but girl why aren't you using more of ur power?????
"REACTIVATING MY TWITTER ACCOUNT IN RESPONSE TO THE DISAPPEARANCE OF SUZUMIYA HARUHI. 

****SPOILERS AHEAD****"
:(
going live in twitch for a cinema4D session. gather around gather around
MGSV soundtrack is hands down one of the best
ternyata kalo live sambil session octane beratnya minta ampun. ntar lagi aja ya kalo apex.
kalau lupita nyong'o tidak nominated sebagai best actress / performance saya mau protes
i might have to tweak the content and style weight and train for a longer period of time
codes are copyright of lengstrom on github.
the training could've been better and longer to achieve better detail and resemblance. but this was a fast! 8.5 hours on GTX1050 and the style transfer process took about 1 to 3 seconds per 720p frames.
"okay google
stadia sucks so bad
it's gonna suck big time"
disney pulling a disney should be illegal
"di tv ada berita tulisannya ""metode mengkonversi suara menjadi kursi"" 
w bingung kok bisa suara jadi kursi
w lupa besok pemilu"
"50 things millennials killed:
YOUR SHITTY OUTDATED ABUSIVE BUSINESS MODEL"
is destruction a form of creation?
i am so tired
thank you 🖤
"dont get me wrong, i love and grateful of each and every gig i was offered. but sometimes i got lonely in my own head without really anyone to talk to about it. im tired. maybe this is why i feel more tense and anxious about many things in life rn."
these days it felt a lot easier to notice and feel the sadness over the nicer and pleasing things. i need to rest but i can't. i need to take a break but i can't. i feel sad that i can't feel happy about making the things i've been commissioned to.
i have this lingering fear of the fact that i might be a fraud all along. and lately this fear has slowly creeping up on me closer and closer. and stronger. i became more inclined to believe that i am a fraud and nothing that i make is anywhere close to genuine or fresh.
"i feel like i've never fully done something good enough or at least be kind.
you know sometimes there are people who doesn't have much to offer the world but they're sincerely kind to anyone they meet.
i feel like im neither of these two."
"hey look at the bright side
now that im feeling too sad to fall asleep
might as well see one of the evangelion remake
that i have yet to see"
:(
"also tried system update on PS4, and reinstalling the app."
"netflix error code nw-2-5 on PS4. all other devices (mobile, PC, iPad) are working just fine accessing Netflix thru my indihoe wifi. anyone experiencing this before?"
i would see another 100 rebuilds of evangelion
#humansoflatecapitalism is when grocery stores put anti-theft measure on baby milk.
man i fucking love barakatak as a 9 year old and still do till this day
phew it felt great to tweet about an artist i like and care about without having to mention his name cuz the current fandom is crowded with gram thots and fakedeep spiritual lyrical individual politikz is in the house yo the govts corrupt open ur third eye
"but if you think you game more than work in your machine, stick to the Game Ready Driver because i think you'd benefit more from the different optimization."
to all my friends and fellow designer / animator / VJ / video editor using NVIDIA cards: do update your driver with the new Creator Ready Driver. it really works like a charm for my Resolume and fixed some minor hiccups in my Adobe programs too. More stable and lighter C4D too.
ok google is asuka langley hāfu
so much for someone who cares about mental
wow if someone pointed out my lifetime effort as a mere luck i'd lose my shit over it. and maybe even agonizing whether my effort was in fact real and making sure i ain't tripping of my achievements.
"if u seriously feel attacked or insecure seeing news abt successful woman, u have a problem. if the entirety of ur confidence &amp; pride lies in the area between ur crotch, you're probably just a meat on a dick. you're 𝘯𝘰𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 but a literal walking penis with no personality."
i want to make a film to depict how hollow influencer culture actually is. i just don't know where to start with the narrative. both fyre docs did a really good job of doing it but i want to do something closer to us. something local from indonesia.
"#plan : full ngaskus. #truth : tetep aja tweetdeck dibuka paling depan -,-"""
#np A7x - Forgotten Faces
plan gw hari ini : minimalisir tweet dan msn. full ke kaskus. ngejar postingan gw yg dikalahin JUNKER SEJATI : @rayfranklind
#np illusion
oiye @aezn2490 nickname 9D gw : parkirannyasar
Tuhan maha adil. @aldodp @michaelphoenix WAKAKAKKAKAKAKA..
pngen ngerjain mat tapi males.
"nggak bisa maen 9D sekarang -,- maen cs aje lemot pake koneksi beginian.. ergh"
followed Gamer First 9 Dragons @G1_9Dragons
"Today otg : 9Dragons, GunGame. (sukur"" klo inet nyala)"
Tidur aja deh.
Dasar perek.
Gamao tidur
Uy @rayfranklind gw follow lo blm bsa skrg..Blon bsa ol pc.
Eminem keren *telat*
Turtle gw max. masih 3 detik. @felixendru
Turtle lebih berat daripada pushup. Soalnya kaki gk napak.
Pilihan gw : tidur.
let the record state that i am in no way religious or was a good catholic / christian 👌
there is this one moment where i was so close from screaming my lungs out in the cinema. a VERY BRILLIANT one. definitely one of the most CLEVER use of subtext in motion picture. the filmmakers know their medium really well. you'll see it when u see it.
"in almost every convent, and church — it's awfully quiet even during the day. you could literally hear everything and every tiny details. door knob being turned, books being turned, the footsteps of ur stern nun principal coming after ur ass cuz u didn't wear the right footwear."
"another detail i personally love about Ave Maryam: the sound effects, foley, and dialog was mixed in a way it was deliberately louder compared to the extremely quiet background noise. this may come as an odd detail to some people, but i think i got the idea for this decision."
"back to the review; it was quite hard to guess the time setting in this film but every time i thought about that during viewing, i realize how it'd have little to no relevance as most nun wouldn't rely so much on technology anyway (at least that's what i thought)"
"also, retreat places too. WISMA PRATISTA BANDUNG ANYONE??"
seeing many many references and details to the church and convent community makes me remember all the times i spent growing up in school that had it's own living quarters for the nuns and pastors. i can smell the scenes in this movie.
"many things have been said about the importance of race/religious representation in popular culture, but i have never experienced one myself. i never thought it'd feel so important to see a moment you closely grew up with on a big screen in a mainstream cinema."
it's not really my place to make a rating for this film as i am not a film critique whatsoever but if i have to make one: 8.5/10 👌👌👌👌 go watch it before Endgame. this thing ain't gonna last long in the cinema.
TOUCHDOWN JAKARTA AFTER A SLEEPLESS NIGHT. WHAT A GOOD 5 HR SLEEP SITTING IN A PLANE 👌👌👌👌👌👌
i hope to find the answer someday
and i still wonder what makes me think about her so much.
"if i were to make a challenge for 3D artist, motion designer, or even 2D artist - would you be down for it? there will be a prize too."
"hey there, it's election day for indo 🇮🇩 do pull up at your designated Tempat Pemungutan Suara to vote for the DPR-RI, DPR, DPD, and presidential candidate. i can't stress how important these are but if you don't feel like voting, please at least pick BOTH presidential candidates"
"do any of yall really understand what i tryna say here?
i literally said i forgot how good it was implying that i'm starting to listen to it again"
i really forgot how good akb48 songs were
"me: not wanting to use redshift cuz it's a biased shader unlike octane
also me: wow toon shader in octane is so cool it's biased so u can change the color of shading and everything"
josh pan's blue skin is one his finest creation
basically what im saying is that i think im p boring irl 🤷
"now that i think about it, first, second, and third child in NGE reflect p much real life traits of actual first, second, and third child in a family. now im not saying anno did this deliberately for a purpose, but i think it's an interesting coincidence."
COME BY FOR CHILL BEATS TO STUDY TO
ketinggalan poll nya
HUSTLE CULTURE IS AN ILLUSION CREATED TO FOOL YOU AND MAKE YOU WORK MORE HOURS AND SACRIFICE YOUR PHYSICAL AND MENTAL HEALTH. DON'T DO IT UNLESS YOU HAVE ZERO OPTIONS.
ANYONE GRADUATING FILM / ART / MEDIA SCHOOLS: NEVER FULLY COMMIT TO AN AGENCY OR HUSTLE CULTURE. NEVER. DO IT FOR A YEAR OR 6 MONTHS THEN BOUNCE. HUSTLE CULTURE IS ONE OF THE LEAST MENTALLY HEALTHY THINGS FOR U TO GO THRU.
1 hr denied sleep let's go good morning yall have a good day
"udah mau lebaran hati hati ya banyak bandit
alat2 produksi yg bisa dibawa, dibawa aja kemana mana jangan ditinggal di rumah."
im so tired and i'll be on tour this wed
"i mean if u think about it some girls may have been treated like shit by literally ａｌｌ ｍｅｎ they've met in their life. 
can't really argue with the statement ""ａｌｌ ｍｅｎ  are trash"" cuz if that's what they been experiencing, then it is real to them. u can't dismiss that."
and some of my electronic music producer friends DO actually make music about thoughtful stuff as well. not just some heavy bass and noises all over the place with no purpose.
"don't get me wrong, dance music is awesome. i love heavy bass and shocking drops too. but sometimes it just feels nice to delve deeper into our observation of people around us, social issues, or feelings. and i'm glad i get to work with some of them this year."
"as much as i like working with my dance music producer &amp; dj friends, it feels very rewarding to work with (less of an edm) music friends cuz we get to talk about the lyrics, the philosophy and thoughts behind it, and why they're doing it"
"stay safe everyone in jakarta!
prepare for the worst but always hope for the best"
he went to either gonzaga pejaten or pangudi luhur for high school
yall seriously care more abt the symbols than the reality?? this is exactly why we see people beating others up for wearing red army attribute. this is exactly why someone broke the cross of a graveyard in java. this is exactly why women are blamed for not dressing appropriately.
"yakin ""yg salah masyarakatnya bukan negaranya""?
lo yakin pernyataan ini benar?
bukankah negara adalah masyarakat yg tergabung di dalamnya + aturan yang dibebankan kepada mereka dan bukan benderanya?
bukankah rumah itu orang-orang yg ada di dalamnya dan bukan bangunan nya?"
it's a nice bright sunny day out here but i can't help not looking at the trending and tweets and videos from jakarta
i was trying to explain what's happening in jakarta to my dutch friends and they really can't comprehend why this is happening and how can people protest against A SET OF HARD NUMBERS
anjing malu maluin bgt sih ini negara
"JAKARTA!! would anyone care for a photography course for CG artist THIS JULY? not like a course, something more like a casual walk, talk, and hanging out. let's make a poll and a google form later if many people are on board with the idea."
EDIT: there's no way i discovered this in august. this thing came out in september. so it looks like it was september 2015. pardon my fuzzy memory!
dont mind me yall it's nighttime out here in west coast. sad nibba hours is on
#np girl i know
Bnyak orang brengsek cari masala mulu ma gw dari hari senen kmaren ampe hri ini.
Lagi nggak mood pake bukan blackberry..Lagi pngen ngabisin pulsa..
Gws *maap telat* RT @JessApriliana: Tangan kiri lemes banget ga bisa gerak D:
"""i feel insane.."" #np"
#soundtrackofthisday forgotten faces
Klo ngomong dijaga tuh. Jancuk.
"#sotd darkness surrounding, all hope is gone, psychosocial, i won't see you tonight (pt.2)"
Obama & SBY sedang BARCEN. Obama mengerahkan semua klonengannya yg udh ISO. (mempererat hub A.S-Indo) @aldodp @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix
Skalian tukeran link trit BB #kaskus :ngakak RT @Infongasal: Pak Obama dan Pak SBY sedang tukeran PIN BB. #infongasal melaporkan langsung.
Emang bner lo alay sih y..Ava kmaren fto diri skrg sepatu..Alay jancuk.
CoD: Black-Ops released! Woo-hoo! @rayfranklind @paulusnugroho @ilyasafrch @aezn2490 @vandeGraaf
Welcome to jakarta @barackobama ! Enjoy the trafficjam.. (Y)
"Obama kok ditontonin? --"" ckck..Gw papasan sama @adarwis admin @kaskus biasa aja tuh.. :hammer:"
"Bata merah #kaskus RT @FunnyOrFact: I wanna throw a brick at your face, but I wouldn'twant to hurt the brick. #funnyorfact"
#np Ministers of Anger - The Great Escape (Y)
Happy bday buat #KASKUS Network yg ke 11 (6 Nov) . Congrats buat mimin @adarwis :D
"i can't deny that i didn't see this censorship coming. we are looking at a bleak future. but, worse comes to worst i'd be more than happy to devote my time and effort to help people remain connected to the internet."
"now, since i'm in the states at least until next week, i think it'd be a good time to pull some stunt"
HEY! BE CAREFUL OF WHAT U SHARE DOWN HERE! I didn't ask u to look smart and sharing ur best tactics to defeat censorship right now. NOT. NOW.
"(p.s. u guys should know things better than just VPN. I'm just saying, it is a good thing that the govt on our side are using their power wisely but u gotta always be prepared in case someone authoritarian are using this same strategy. normal ordinary VPN will not last forever.)"
This looks like a temporary strategy taken by the government in power to neutralize the situation in Jakarta faster.
Messaging app LINE doesn't seem to be able to send pictures through mobile data as well for now.
"Broadband and fiber connection does not seem to be affected.
Using a tunneled or secured connection for mobile network seems to be working."
Messaging app WhatsApp are reportedly not being able to send any messages through mobile network provider in Indonesia.
this is a very important scene and a turning point in the original EVA series. it's a very well thought writing on so many levels.
i have lived thru a deep packet inspection so good it could intercept IKEv2 like it was nothing. believe me when i said you have never seen censorship with DPI so fucking good you wouldn't believe in VPN anymore.
havoc with turbocharger is seriously overpowered
"can i wish to be slightly sad and pessimistic and/or emo forever?
i honestly feel this is a lot better than being completely normal and happy altogether 💔"
KOK DADAKAN SIH DEATH STRANDING
i need to get some new Nike Huarache women aaaa im loving this shoes cuz the silhouette fits me better than most men shoes
i am so mad rn because this one indonesian film that would potentially be a really good coming of age movie end up being one of those sinetron like narrative. UGH. SO. MAD.
setau gua @Eno_Bening sama @_mardial_ udah nonton. gua baru sampe season 7.
ada yg bisa ngephotoshoppin muka deku jadi bensu ga
YA GUSTI NANGAGUNG POSHEENG PALA INI
"directed by kifu spiegel and izzzy for CATKILLSCAT
executive producer Yudhistira Haryadi
starring Aya Anjani
director of photography Ralf Morscheck
stylist Gisela Febrina Juwono
nail art Poni Noni Nails 
edited by kifu spiegel
visual fx by izzzy"
"goodluck in doing whatever you're doing with your computer. godspeed to all of you who are dependent on your equipment to work and make art. remember that you need to be confident in your skills that if one day you lost all your equipment, you could still work your way back up 🖤"
"few weeks ago, nvidia released a counterpart to their Game Ready Driver called Creator Ready Driver. basically they're optimizing and configuring the cards to work perfectly with as much creative software as they can."
"Now if you're gaming with your laptop, you should be all good to go for whatever game you're playing as long as you keep your Windows updated and your Game Ready driver is updated. If you're a creative working with creative software, these next tweets are for you."
"in case you still can't find it... then you need to get it installed. be it from the nvidia support site, or windows store."
"now the thing with Max-Q cards are, first of all, they have the potential to perform really good. it's a 20-series card ffs. it's the flagship series of this year and the next 2 years hopefully. so we'd need to configure them very carefully to get the most out of it. let's go."
"it's a little disheartening but then again, it's the physical boundaries that are yet to be solved in the future. you can't run power hungry &amp; stove-like temperature GPU on a thin laptop, it'll break way too quickly to be considered efficient. this is why they came up with Max-Q."
"this is all sounds great on paper. but in the field, it basically throttles the shit out of that GPU. so say you're running an RTX 2070 Max-Q, you'd end up with a processing power around the desktop class GTX 1080, even though you're paying for the 2070 model."
now this whole Max-Q thing isn't much different from the previous M series GPUs. they come in pre-configured to be underclocked. they do this for thinner laptops so it wouldn't heat up so fast or drawing too much power from the battery.
"first of all, Max-Q is a new kind of GPU variant by Nvidia meant to run on slimmer build laptop for the 20 series GPU. previous 9 and 10 series had something similar called M series. e.g. 950M, 750M, 1060M, etc."
"ok so i put this away for like an hour now lemme start. this whole tweet is meant to be a reminder for myself as well in case i ever need to DDU my laptop or worse, reinstalling the whole system one day. so let's go. this is how you optimize a Max-Q GPU powered laptop."
"gonna tweet some stuff about setting up Nvidia Max-Q powered laptop the right way since i feel like in some of special cases, the graphic processor does not work the way it's supposed to"
while still using the screen estate of the home feed
i'll show instagram i could make a 3-minute long content in widescreen and not using their IGTV.
godzilla dangdut bener yallah
"don't get me wrong, this Mac Pro will be a beast among the machines. 28-core 56-thread Xeon and 8 (EIGHT) PCI slots. let that sink in. but at the same time it's pretty shitty that they'd embargo the only competitor to AMD graphic cards. they don't give their consumer much option."
lol sum ppl b looking at me like im some radeon hater. bro i ran on radeon during the Radeon HD 5xxx and 6xxx days side by side with my nvidia powered laptop. i used to love apple day and night until they pulled that stupid shit where they stop accepting nvidia and CUDA drivers.
Profile apaan? RT @Steven_1596: Mau gnti profile kok url not valid knapa ya?
"Hari ini : ga belajar sosio (baca doang), maen HALO!!"
Yg ngga belajar sosio RT!!
Shait mesti beli screenguard baru bwt n-gage
Ong li! HAHAHAHA @nico_kevin
#kalogwjadipresiden nawala project gw batalin..HAHAHA (biar bebas buka bb)
Gw ngakak. RT @gabiees: lo jd anak cantik bgt sih sampe2 kepengen boker kalo ngeliat lo
#kalogwjadipresiden sekolah libur 1 taon.
"Gokil (Y) ""First of all, I want to say thank you for the bakso, the nasi goreng, emping, and krupuk. Semuana enak."" (@BarackObama)"
Pemaennya ga pake celanaRT @soalBOWBOW: Penonton drama bersorak-sorai karena.... #soalBOWBOW
"Emang paan aj? Gw dritd santaiRT @anvisst: Tugas besok kok banyak amat sih yaampun --"""
ngerjain mat
#np the fight
#np walk (pantera cover)
"Bagus""..Mulai niruin gw. RT @jessicaaspt: Belom belajar math nih gila auo."
#np flash of the blade (iron maiden cover)
Diamonds in the rough sealbum enak buat macu adrenalin. (kecuali track 5&6)
#np a7x - crossroads !!
"this is pretty much saying that 3D rendering and animation industries contribute to plenty of carbon footprint due to energy use 🤷 idk maybe it's true, maybe it's a clickbait."
¿ʞuıɥʇ noʎ op ʇɐɥʍ
yeeeeeeeah i call bullshit on project scarlett
LMFAO FALLOUT BATTLE ROYALE
don't tell me to stop getting mad and going on a rant because of this whole net neutrality bullshit. I will try my best in my power to make sure our rights for free internet is protected in Indonesia.
also Evangelion is definitely one of the greatest psychological drama of all time. period.
"i will point the elephant in the room: i feel partly responsible for their existence. i feel partly responsible for bringing the edgy and angery culture to indonesia. and i am sorry for this.
p.s. this is one of the reasons i quit making wtf"
they'd b traumatized if they stayed in actual 4chan /b/ for 5 minutes with all that dick pics
man fuck these edgy facebook kids who tryna act like they're in /b/ or smth. fuck those edgy indo trolls for heaven's sake
i think i finally understand why i despise them so much and even more often lately. may or may not share about this later in writing.
this is funny but i think this says a lot of how they see life in a bigger picture ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
lmfao i suddenly remember my parents were low-key freaking out when they saw me sign my first MoU contract at the age of 17
selamat sore sobat spiraling and breakdown at maghrib
"FUCK INSTAGRAM, FOR REAL. IF MY CAREER ISN'T DEPENDANT ON MY RELEVANCY IN INSTAGRAM, I WOULD HAVE DEACTIVATE IT AS OFTEN AS I DID WITH MY TWITTER ACCOUNT"
FUCK THESE SHITTY FRIENDS OMG THERE I SAID IT
"man fuck
i used to play games for 6 hours a day and watch one new film every night
fuck this fucking shitty reality and people around me"
even interaction with my immediate family really overwhelmed me. this is bad. this is really really bad.
"anyone knows anyone or someone from @TwitterID ? helping a friend to resolve their locked account issue. We've tried filling out the form, sent a govt ID document and obtained a ticket number but hasn't heard from them for 3 days."
"i'm not saying these music are bad, it's just so hard to work with those noise in the bg. it'd be better if it's just some instrumental."
i think coffee shops in jakarta should start reconsidering their music choice. i swear to god it's so hard to work with ed sheeran or some acoustic cover of electropop hits
i know i'm 2 weeks late but man's gotta take rest from the month long tour brother i'm still sssuper psyched for next year's second sky hope i can make it lel
OH MY GOD PORTER SAID SEE YOU NEXT YEAR AT THE END OF SECOND SKY
my parents wanted me to learn classical piano instead of exploring the instrument says a lot and i should've known better
tolong ditulis ya apanya yang mau diedit. kalo gada konteks mala jadi reaction image pak
twitter!!!!!! send me pics of you or your friend or your pet or your relatives that need some photoshop fix! might gonna do something interested with it
"it would be hard for me to make something that'll actually move people just by myself on youtube or being merely a guy who's big on youtube. and this is why, i stop making stuff on youtube altogether. i hope you'll understand."
"i'm not saying that being a youtuber is bad, it's just that i don't want to wait to get bigger in youtube just to be fenced on what i can or can't say in the future. it's counterproductive. i want to do something and say something right now. not later when i get bigger."
i know that i want to make smth that can move people. this has always been what i wanted for a v long time. n i feel like being big in youtube doesn't necessarily convert to actual mvmt. i don't wanna b that guy who's big on soc but has practically no contribution to the culture.
(this isn't my actual setup btw lol this was whatmanmade's hijacked desk with my laptop and egpu on it)
"fuck
this
shit
fuck
these
celebrities
for
hell's
sake"
ada yang tau gak Midsommar nanti di Indonesia main di bioskop apa? atau malah gak masuk sama sekali ya? :(
MAKASIH YG UDAH MAEN MAEN KE STREAM GUA TADI. NEXT TIME KITA COBA DI YOUTUBE YE. KALO NYEBELIN KITA BALIK TWITCH LAGI.
"also, please don't ask my opinion on the 10 minute preview of 3.0+1.0 cuz i will only see it on cinema or an official screening. it sucks seeing it on a phone from a pirate cam."
Masuk gan
"Kalo minta juga kira"", lo ngasih kek gitu bisa gak?! Jancuk."
W.I ntar stgh 2 :hammer:
W.O
"Twitter masih sepiiii..Gile, tweet sejam lalu msih ada 1 timeline --"""
#np airplanes
"Jadi ska paramore (gara"" hayley williams (L)"
"Gw kyak org bego neh jam 7 udh dtg sndirian --"" @iloveyuv @adudutz @reginatawiguna"
Hayley williams
Oh yea
Disogok tuh wasitRT @ona1427: Smua wasit yg ada di perbasi dendem apa sih sama tere?brengsek
Nunggu kiriman ** high-def dari @rayfranklind ..Awkwakwak..Woo-hoo! @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf
hayley williams
#np B.o.B - Airplanes (ft. Eminem & Hayley Williams (L))
#np a7x - victim
Admin super duper sangat amat IDIOT. @rayfranklind
#np a7x - buried alive
yg ngeyel w mute ya
"gua ga bakal jawab: yang bentuknya bukan pertanyaan, yang pertanyaan nya gua gatau atau gabisa jawab, dan pertanyaan yang menurut gua ga perlu diladenin/dijawab"
lil texas is such an icon
ya yang tajir juga banyak yg jahat si cuman gua ga abis pikir aja crime antar sesama worker class
orang kalo miskin kenapa jahat si
SO INDONESIAN VISA/MASTERCARD WITH PAYWAVE WORKS IN LONDON TUBE AND SINGAPORE MRT?????? WHOA THIS OPENS SO MANY POSSIBILITIES
"all jokes aside, tanam paksa was a horrible thing that happened to indonesian during dutch colonialism. but then again ik spreek een beetje nederlands and i started ironically greeting my opa 'hoe gaat het'"
an idea: something like Papers Please but with x-ray security officer in the airport instead of immigration.
TIBA TIBA KELAR LIVESTREAM NYA TERNYATA INTERNET HOTEL JEPANG SAYA SEPERTI INDIHOME
gambar milik @Eno_Bening dilindungi undang undang dan hak cipta serta dm hokben.
all jokes aside this is a grrrrrrreeeat idea pulled by A24. would love to do something similar in jakarta.
GUA BIKIN SISTEM BUNGA APA NI INVOICE GUA BIAR KEK RENTENIR
DON'T MAKE ME TRANSLATE THIS TWEET
"DIKIRA VJ MILIK RAKYAT APA YA
EMANG W KERJA DISUBSIDI"
GA DI BAYAR BAYAR NI GUA MAKAN PASIR AJA KALI Y
shot on my pixel 2 phone and edited in Lightroom iOS. trying to get back on photography with the tools i have. no DSLR or mirrorless for now ha
"Harry Potter, Hunger Games, The Matrix, Star Wars, Captain Marvel, and others also use hero's journey template"
cerita yesus dari lahir sampe kebangkitan di kitab suci pake format hero's journey ya🤔🤔🤔
i can @ yall on ig and twitter and bring everything down w me
i fucking hate it when client don't wanna go the extra mile to check if i have been paid or not fuck you guys yall srsly had me exactly like this months ago
"the money from this comission will help me to pay bills and grocery. i still hope my actual payment will be delivered this week uwu.
-izzy 🖤"
"need some financial support, should i open a three slot art comission?"
".@Koplofy - Mengkoplokan masyarakat, memasyarakatkan koplo."
lol don't blame me if i'm unironically listening to koplo
should i make a tiktok of this thing?
goyang nasi padang
time to ask my producer to rent me an arri camera
the new brian music video and visualizer gave me hope of shooting stuff in jakarta with natural light
do you need to be sometimes sad and depressed in order to make thoughtful piece of art?
"i mean im pretty sure I'd still complain if i were second or third child, but then i guess life would be simpler? i wouldn't overthink stuff too much???"
"dan gua prefer klien bayar tepat waktu daripada mereka DP terus jadi bisa bayar telat. kalau memang biayanya nggak sebesar itu dan bisa dilakukan dalam satu pembayaran, menurut gua bayar full tapi tepat waktu lebih baik. kecuali memang besar dan harus dibagi beberapa term."
.@IndiHome keterlaluan. udah 3x restart modem hari ini tiap beberapa jam internet nya lemot mentok sampe nggak bisa dipake. percuma bayar 50mbps dan nggak boleh telat kalo pelayanan nya begini. kalo ada ISP lain yg masuk udah pasti gua ganti.
credit goes to deryzky for shooting these
someone should edit a wong kar wai film as a fan made music video for a dewa 19 song hahaha
"ada ikang fawzi, joshua suherman, sama sony tulung cuiiiiii"
my friend and i were admiring how good dewa 19 music videos from the 90s and 00s are. we started watching em ironically but ended up actually liking em.
ahmad dhani circa 2000 looks like a square enix character
gitaris dewa 19 mirip kasino warkop
man fuck my video is 3 years old and it gets more relevant if anyth
percuma rapi dan sopan kalo mentalnya tetep busuk
fun games for yall who reached the end of this thread: guess how many times i cry watching the film.
"I would like to talk more about the attention to details in this film but it'd just make my review less abbreviated and less fitted for twitter. Will move this someplace else! Until then, if you haven't seen the film and decide to read my thread anyway – go see it now!!"
"And i gotta say it, the trailer is not representative of what the film has to offer. It's somewhat misleading and putting my expectations on the lower end for this film. Can't really blame the actual filmmakers since I know that trailer is usually edited by the publishing co."
"And props to the cast, crew, and director for having SO MANY one shot in a drama. It's such a brave decision to do so and it is very rewarding to see it successfully deliver the intensity of those scenes. That UKS scene? Good lord, it's a greatly performed orchestra."
i have so many thoughts after watching Dua Garis Biru
"OH and don't get me started on WHY they should've listened to us better rather than telling us ""ayo dong makanya anak muda ikut berpolitik dan jadi wakil rakyat."" 🖕"
"problem nya kembali lagi jadi generational gap dan pengetahuan budaya. (budaya bisa apa aja ya mau yang traditional, modern, atau pop)"
"menurut gua sih nggak mustahil buat diselesaikan tapi nggak akan mudah. soalnya, orang2 yg duduk di pemerintahan rata2 udah tua, nggak ngerti internet, dan nggak mau dikasitau sama yg emang ngerti - bahkan secara akademik sekalipun. orang tua bau tanah emang rata2 batu."
w/ @rayfranklind di perpus..wkekekeke
oplain
heeeeeee
"""KASKUS is over posting"" --"""
GunGame Level : HE @michaelphoenix @aldodp @vandeGraaf
whyy?? whyy??
"besok ul : vck, mat. belajar? no!"
#np Paramore - That's what you get
gw jadi tambah demen paramore &lt;-- terutama vokalnya..wkekekeke
#np Paramore - Ignorance [hayley williams (L)]
#np Paramore - Decode [hayley williams (L)]
gada yg mao ngsms lu..wkekekke RT @jessicaaspt: Kenapa sih setiap kali  gw geter 2x doang itu facebook? Gw berharep itu sms(kecuali sms dr
now that Blender 2.8 is released i will seriously reconsider this software. it is crazy how powerful it is but i could never learned it so far because of how complex i find the interface was back in 2.5 days :(
yang kemarin ikutan vote berapa kali gua nangis hampir semua salah ya. jawabannya gua nangis berapa kali ada di dalem review nya hahahahaha
"When They See Us, Ted Bundy, and The Great Hack to name a few. this is exactly why i'm willing to spend money on subscription for Netflix but not with YouTube."
"while youtube is being a full on conformist and middle ground evangelist, netflix is still going with their strong line of documentaries and shows."
earthquake
jam 1030 baru nyala. tadi nggak sempet update langsung soalnya buang sampah and cuci piring cuy.
orang jakarta disuru earth hour nggak mau makanya diginiin aja
jam 8. udah 8 jam mati dan belum nyala juga.
"jam 7, belum nyala juga."
Episode 6: Rei II
"hampir 3 jam mati lampu. pln 123 ga nyambung, nomor nomor darurat yg lain entah ga masuk atau ada yg ngangkat tapi ga ada orang. hati hati ya. komunikasi terbatas, jangan gampang kemakan isu. stay vigilant."
tes
iya fotonya gada yg bagus ya
makasi lho mimin netflixid *kecup basah*
i know this is not something easy to be understood and A TON of people are living off of doing cool stuff or making cool stuff just because it is. man it's getting too meta at this point i should stop kthxbai
i mean it's quite easy to say so but out here it's hard to do so because most of the time people would pay you to make cool stuff just for the sake of looking cool or selling stuff. not an idea or an experience - let alone something meaningful.
BESOK BELI IPHONE 11XR PLUS PLUS PAKE EXPOSURE AJA YA
it feels liberating because you don't need to judge your own picture instantly after you shot it. life is so much simpler this way. i will continue to shoot on film for now.
"last summer, i brought two film cameras with 28mm and 50mm lenses, and my Pixel 2 phone. i think this may be the first time i went on a holiday with the intent to shoot some pictures without bringing digital camera equipment."
it feels good to get back into film photography after a whole year or two of studying computer graphics. my eyes did get a bit rusty after not shooting real-life pictures with an actual camera for quite some time.
this tweet is not sponsored and i'm just genuinely care of how people should own their data.
if i were one of those future diary owner i would just put my phone in one of those otterbox
"rewatching mirai nikki on netflix rn because 1.) it's convenient af to just select it on my TV, 2.) all my friends (incl. those who i usually chat) are asleep and i'm drinking alone pls send help"
MALIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIH
"i have this weakness of thinking that i would always owe huge favor to people that helped me in the past. i know i shouldn't think this way, but my indonesian ass cannot bro."
gua gamau kerja bikin tetek ama pantat doang bangsat
gua yang ga cocok*
sigh tapi kalo nggak ada itu artis gua nggak bakal bisa keluar dari day job gua dengan mudah juga dan career gua yg skrg bisa begini juga salah satunya karena mereka pusing nih pala pusiiiing ya rabbi
lo ngapa si is protes masala kerjaan mulu emang lo siape bisa elo yg milih mau kerja ama siapa bukan nerima siapa yg ngehire elo
kata orang kalo dapet kerjaan nggak boleh ngeluh daripada ga dapet kerjaan. tapi ya mohon maap ni sebenernya nggak cocok cocok amat ni brandingan dan kompas moral buat artis yg satu ini *cough cough*
pusing nih pala anjing lah
jangan berlomba jadi yang paling menderita. bukan salah orang jakarta kalau pemerintah pembangunan nya nggak merata. kita juga nggak mau kalau pembangunan di pulau lain nggak merata.
sekalian aja lo nggak usah idup pake baju sama kompor gas. gamau ketergantungan teknologi kan?
"lanjut, lo harus inget kalau listrik itu kebutuhan dasar. sama seperti internet yg menurut gua udah jadi kebutuhan dasar. sama hal nya seperti air dan api. ga perlu bilang kami ketergantungan listrik dan internet karena memang kehidupan kita sudah sampai ke tahap itu."
"ga perlu bilang ""orang jakarta ketergantungan wifi dan ga pernah beli paket data,"" pernyataan itu sama sekali nggak valid. hampir semua orang yg gua kenal punya data plan kok. tapi pas kemarin mati lampu bener2 banyak tower yg mati. komunikasi terputus beberapa jam bahkan lebih."
"kedua, masalah komunikasi - bukan maksud gua yg di kota lain komunikasi nya nggak penting, tapi di jakarta komunikasi itu pentingnya sama kayak jalanan. mau kemana mana tuh jauh, keluarga dan teman nggak hidup di satu area yg berdekatan. pasti pusing kalo komunikasi terhambat."
"beneran penasaran nih knp orang jakarta protes nya bukan main perkara mati lampu 6-10 jam dibanding yg di kota lain bisa mati 3 hari tapi adem ayem? yakin?

orang jakarta tuh protes mulu. dikit dikit protes. gua juga termasuk. makanya perkara mati lampu 2 jam aja udah panik."
.@IndiHome internet mati lagi. LOS merah nyala. bisa kasih nomor pelanggan via DM. mau dipake buat kerja ini. jangan suruh gua pake app buat lapor karena app indihome cacat nggak bisa dipake.
"setelah semua yang gua lewatin dan gua alamin, duit nggak bisa beli segalanya. terutama artistic integrity."
super deluxe wuz good while it last
"censoring shit doesn't solve problem, education does"
never trust a celebrity.
seniman mungkin bisa jadi selebriti tapi nggak semua selebriti itu seniman.
artist may be a celebrity but not all celebrities are artist.
celebrity ≠ artist
"sedih? iya. capek? iya. tapi mau gimana, youtube itu levelnya udah hampir kayak TV. dan selama gua masih bisa bantu ngeberhentiin mereka buat bikin hal tolol, ya akan gua usahakan. walau gua juga nggak suka."
faith gua terhadap youtube sebagai medium dan komunitas yang bisa mengubah masyarakat udah ancur seiring rilisnya wtf finale tahun lalu. memang udah nggak ketolong menurut gua. tapi kalo ditambahin ada youtuber yg comeback terus ngeberitain anti-vax dan dibiarin aja kan tai.
"maap, lagi siang ya di jakarta? udah jam setengah 5 pagi soalnya di sini"
come mierda
makan tai youtuber dan influrncer2 yg katanya peduli kemajuan dan budaya tapi rando diayomi dan diajak kolab. makan tai.
BULLSHIT LAH NO EDIT PANTAT COPERNICUS
KEMUNDURAN PERADABAN KOK DIDUKUNG
"SELAMA RANDO NGGAK TERIMA UNTUK DIBAHAS BELIEF NYA DIA TENTANG FLAT EARTH DAN ANTI-VAKSIN, NYALAMIN DIA BALIK LEWAT ENO PUN GUA GAMAU"
SURAT TERBUKA BUAT MEME LORD YANG PALING JUJUR DAN BARU COMEBACK AKA RANDO: GUA MAU SATU VIDEO SAMA LO KALO LO MAU NGOMONGIN TENTANG FLAT EARTH DAN ANTI-VAKSIN
e gataunya nggak
1 orang lagi minta comeback gua deactivate twitter 2 hari
"gua ulangi lagi, yang paling dirugikan dari pola pikir seperti ini tuh seniman dan penyedia jasa bidang seni yg nggak tau atau nggak PD dgn harga mereka sendiri. gua pernah di posisi itu dan akan terus-terusan fight buat hak-hak pekerja seni. apalagi kalo lawan korporat."
"semua org (apalagi yg di kreatif) harusnya satu suara buat nolak company yg minta barang gratisan (bukan sebaliknya ya, kita yg nawarin). kalo gini terus, beberapa company bakal terus2an mikir kalo ini fine fine aja. lah pak saya kan jadi susah fighting buat hak-hak saya sendiri."
"say hideo kojima walked in and ask me to do something for his thing for free. would i take it? absolutely. even without him asking to, i prolly will - though i will have to pay for all the expenses myself. will i be happy? probably. probably not. is this okay? no. absolutely not."
"as soon as business is involved in anything, it means money is involved. there's no way any business would expect free shit. unless they're sus. this is why i think exposure trade WILL NOT work between a service provider (esp the individual ones) and A COMPANY. eno was wrong."
screening gelap apa nih
"yah ga lulus sensor ya? i mean, honestly — i don't think you can watch the film being censored and cut here and there. the most disturbing part are the most important ones. no compromise. 🤷
try getting an iTunes purchase or a Blu-Ray, guys"
"oiya lupa bilang, untuk yang di NY Metro, cuma bisa di entrance stasiun yg berlogo OMNY atau PayWave yaaaak. tadi gua sempet masuk stasiun yg di Times Square belom ada terminal OMNY nya 😭 akhirnya jalan kaki 👌👌👌"
last picture shows exactly how i be when i walked out. empty and destroyed 💔
Fuck.
Pain
"Iye gw tau gw bego, goblok, gila, dan lain lain dan lain lain"
Bosen idup.
Mao kyk gmna juga image gw di org udh ttep jadi orang gila & bego.
Btr lg gw tdr aj. #jancuk
"Percaya 2k12? RT @eviona14: Don't affraid to lose somebody when 2012 comes, we will meet again in heaven right? All of us :b"
Waking the fallen = best heavy metal album.
Chapter 4
Ngantuk tapi tidak ingin tidur
I got no space
"Delete aje twit yg gapenting. Susa amatRT @ichatricia: The hell?? I missed my 20.000 tweets. --"""
#np Linkin Park - The Catalyst
Besok malem: CS bareng @aldodp @michaelphoenix @Ltpice @vandeGraaf || @kqueency mo ikut gak?
ganti avatar..wkekekekekeke (L)(Y)
Plan : Hari ini nggak maen. Besok malem maen. Lusa libur belajar. (plan)
"Tapi gua harap sistem ini bisa ngebantu kalian yg kerja freelance (terutama yg di bidang seni) cari tahu harga kalian. Biar nggak dibayar kemurahan, apalagi ditawar gratis."
tadi subuh waktu indonesia gua janji ya? ok
"if i lose all my followers and tools tomorrow, i am ready."
terbang dulu coy. ntar maleman dikit ye.
coming up next: cara ngitung rate hourly sebagai penyedia jasa seni. bisa dibikin pake google sheets.
gua nggak terima karena semua org yg dateng ke gua bayar pake nasi. dan gua ga bisa apa-apain ini gamelan buat jadi nasi. sementara gua butuh nasi buat makan.
"ok gua ubah semua jasa dan exposure tadi jadi barang ya: lu petani kopi tanpa nasi dan alat masak. lo butuh makan nasi. semua org selalu bayar lu pake nasi. ada org dateng, minta kopi lo - in turn, lo dikasih gamelan. lo terima apa nggak?"
"Tapi kalo gua, mau klien nya rush atau nggak, biaya revisi gua kebetulan tetep sama. Nah ini gua pasang multiplier 150% dari base daily rate. Harganya jadi Rp457,143 per hari revisi."
"Nah terus ada juga nih rate revisian. Ini yang biasanya orang suka nggak ada di Indonesia. Revisian ini biayanya lebih mahal dari daily rate lo, tapi nggak lebih mahal dari yg rush."
"Misalnya kerjaan atau klien nya mengharuskan lo buat nge-rush kerjaan dan kerja lebih dari 8 jam sekali duduk, lo bisa kasih mereka rush rate. Gua pasang rush rate gua di 300% biasanya. So, dalam perhitungan kita ini, rush rate lo jadi Rp1,066,667."
"Kalau kita bagi biaya tahunan lo tadi sama angka 231, kita dapet Rp304,762. Angka ini bakal jadi rate harian dasar lo. Tanpa tetek bengek, tanpa revisi, tanpa di-rush."
"Dalam setahun ada 104 hari Sabtu dan Minggu. Dan di Indonesia ada rata-rata 30 hari libur per tahun. Gua nggak masukin cuti sakit, atau yg lain-lain karena di Indonesia udah banyak bgt libur hari raya dan hari kejepit. Ok berarti dalam setahun, idealnya lo bekerja 231 hari."
"Udah semuanya? Lo subtotal, terus hitung 10% dari itu semua. Kalau dari hitungan kita barusan, 10% nya itu jadi Rp6,400,000. Ini namanya duit emergency, lo ada jatah segini untuk hal-hal yg sifatnya darurat. Sakit, klien telat bayar terus lo harus makan atau bayar internet, dll."
"Berikutnya ini biaya hura-hura yg menurut gua tetep nggak boleh lepas dari perhitungan. Pakaian, sepatu, games, buku, makan di luar, nonton bioskop, apapun itu yg nggak masuk ke kategori-kategori di atas. Kita anggep ini Rp 5 juta per tahun."
"Beres secondary. Masuk tersier. Semua subscription yg lo pake dan bisa dihitung biaya tahunannya. Duluin yg paling gampang diitungnya. Ada Netflix, ada Spotify, PS plus juga, dan lain-lain. Anggep lah subscription hiburan lo per tahun Rp 2 juta jumlahnya."
"Contohnya: laptop, PC, tablet, iPad, kamera, dll. Mau masukin henpon lo ke sini juga boleh. Kita anggep ada PC seharga Rp 40 juta yang bisa tahan 4 tahun nih, berarti biaya penyusutan hardware lo Rp 10 juta per tahun. Ngerti?"
"Nah hardware yang nggak consumables, pakainya sistem penyusutan. Penyusutan itu basically lo harus terka ini hardware tahan berapa lama sampe rusak dan harus di-service atau dibuang diganti baru, atau sampai hardware berikutnya keluar dan lo harus upgrade."
"Berikutnya masukin langganan data lo tiap bulan. Kalo sering roaming atau suka butuh pulsa, masukin juga. Jangan lupa kaliin 12. Kita anggep ini biayanya Rp 5 juta per tahun."
"Beres kategori satu. Masuk kategori secondary. Hitung semua subscription software lo yg berhubungan langsung sama kerjaan lo. Adobe CC, Octane, Splice, CSP, Google Drive, Dropbox, atau biaya 1x update software lo tiap tahun. Kita anggep Rp 3 juta per tahun."
"Oh iya, kalau lo ada asuransi kesehatan, masukin sini juga per tahun nya lo bayar berapa."
"Terakhir nggak kalah penting, itu transport. Entah lo kemana-mana gojek, kereta commuter, MRT, atau kendaraan sendiri. Sama aja. Kecuali bawa kendaraan sendiri - jangan lupa itung biaya bensin, parkir, dan tol. Itung juga biaya ganti oli, dan perawatan mobil/motor lo."
"Ada utilities; internet bulanan, air, listrik. Nah, kalo listrik lo token, lo estimasi aja lo ngisi berapa kali dan jumlahnya berapa dalam sebulan. Kita anggep pengeluaran internet, air, dan listrik setelah dikali 12 hasilnya jadi Rp 5 juta ya."
"Kemudian ada hal-hal yang sifatnya nempel sama sewa rumah ini, misalnya uang sampah, uang keamanan, dll. masukin ke kategori pengeluaran wajib. Karena yang beginian biasa sifatnya bulanan, lo kali 12 aja. Lagi, biar gampang kita anggep ini Rp 2 juta per tahun."
"Pengeluaran wajib dulu: ini mencakup hal-hal yg sifatnya kalo nggak dipenuhin, lo mati. Titik. Yang pertama tempat tinggal: mungkin lo nyewa, mungkin lo ngekost. Biar gampang, kita anggep gua sewa rumah per tahun biayanya Rp 10 juta."
"Buat sistem ini bisa dipake, lo harus tau pengeluaran lo per tahun. Cara ngitungnya gimana? Kita bagi biar nggak bingung. Pengeluaran wajib, pengeluaran sekunder, pengeluaran tersier, dan uang emergency."
"Bidang jasa yg lain mungkin bisa juga, tapi mungkin harus diubah dikit. Kalo lo jualannya barang jelas belum tentu bisa."
"Cara ini mungkin bisa diterapin ke elo, mungkin juga nggak. Dan walau gua nggak bisa jamin seberapa efektif cara ini dipakai, yang gua tau pasti cara ini works buat gua dan temen gua yg sama-sama freelance artist. Jadi so far terbukti bisa buat penyedia jasa bidang seni."
"Now, gua udah bikin spreadsheet di Google Docs yg gua pake buat ngitung rate gua berdasarkan thread Xavier tadi. Jadi tenang aja, gua usahain sebisa mungkin mudah dimengerti ya."
Lo yakin company yg lo bantuin dan bayar lo dg masang foto lo di billboard nggak punya dana cukup buat bayar jasa lo? Mereka punya duit buat billboard lho :p
Jangan sampe business yg udah pasti ngeduitin segalanya ini bisa seenaknya dapetin jasa lo dengan harga yg tidak layak atau bahkan gratis. Pro bono ada dalam hal legal untuk membantu defendant yg tidak mempunyai income cukup.
"Ingat, lo harus bisa bedain passion project yg lo kerjain bareng temen demi kesenangan pribadi sama klien atau business yg pasti punya pendanaan untuk segala hal yg mereka lakukan."
"Padahal mereka juga pasti lebih senang kalau bisa bayar dengan layak. Makanya, kadang bisa juga dari biaya tadi, lo kasih multiplier yang mengurangi, misalnya 80% aja dari harga normal lo. Atau lo kasih privilege sesi hourly yg nggak berbayar dan revisi yg lebih banyak."
"Atau kebalik, ada klien yg mau lo ngerjain project dia, budget mereka nggak besar, tapi lo suka bgt nih sama apa yang mereka tawarin. This is where a lot of people got it wrong about track record, history, or other attributes. Pengennya ngasih gratis aja. (laen urusan y klo tmen)"
"Misalkan klien nya asshole dan lo males bgt kerja ama mereka, ada asshole rate multiplier nih. Anggap lah kita pasang di 500%. Berarti untuk semua biaya lo yg tadi, lo pasang di harga yg lebih mahal ini."
"Nah, kalo lo tahu harga harian lo berapa, dan lo tahu timeline project nya seperti apa, lo jadi lebih gampang kasih offering harga ke klien lo. Tapi sekali lagi, ini kan harga dasar - bisa nambah atau berkurang juga tergantung situasi dan kondisi."
"kalo mark zuckerberg besok meninggal, orang-orang bakal prihatin dan ngestory-in pemakaman nya nggak? ****vote now on your device 📱💻"
"DEATH STRANDING LOOKS GOOD
YOU CAN PISS
YOU CAN CRADLE A BABY W MOTION CONTROL
CLASSIC KOJIMA"
this past two weeks i been reading and watching a whole lot more about aviation more than ever
bro indon commercial flight industry ain't shit compared to many others airlines in asia
crazy how the two new character trailer from Death Standing has a completely opposing views of building sentiment and attachment to the babies. i'm starting to see the parallels and what this narrative is about.
*i've asked the same question on instagram. we'll see how this play out.
would you consider yourself a nationalist? e.g. willing to promote nationalism and/or publicly showing love to indonesia
use the spam caller feature on your phone if you got one. saved my ass (and time) multiple times in a row this past year. bisa buat tau orang2 yg mau nipu juga biasanya.
complete set of pictures on my instagram.
"me: Once Upon A Time In Hollywood is a great summer comedy from one of my favorite american director Quentin Tarantino.

also me: *constantly crying throughout Weathering With You*"
"if you're out in public and need to do any banking on your phone/laptop, use your mobile data. it's much more reliable than a public Wi-Fi."
"remember to never use public Wi-Fi (even those with passwords) when you conduct banking activities. never use free VPN when you do any authorization (logins, banking, password reset, etc.). only use trusted VPN services, and always use secure DNS whenever you can."
"even the most secure mobile app will not keep you safe. your phone, your wi-fi network, or your VPN can be compromised. be wary in this day and age. bad people still exist and will try to steal from you just like the old days."
"HAHAHA what the actual fuck 
they're playing Joji's Sanctuary in Kansai Airport"
"do keep in mind: censorship pasti ada. nggak mungkin nggak ada. i saw it and there's no way it's cleared for screening in indo without. however, director's cut will be screened soon in select US theatres. jangan lupa beli digital download atau blu ray nya juga nanti kalo keluar."
"folks, be very careful about diversion in our media. know that those really stupid RUU or RKUHP might very well be a diversion. though many of those issues are important - it doesn't mean that we should be distracted from the bigger issues. like west papua."
i'll definitely call this animation fluxcop
bukan gitu gan masalahnya ga ada masalah atau email nih. yaudalaya
eh kok follower gua ilang 20rb
"doi shooting iklan buat jakarta katanya pake red dragon. terus DP/camop nya bilang nih di BTS: ""iya ini kamera dipake di film the hobbit, dll dll."" tapi karena jakarta panas, kameranya jadi kepanasan"
zivi lheng gausa kuliah di USC kalo ngedit pake chungdha dan males milih font
taringtajam is super talented i wish he's on twitter or somewhere so i could hit em up
animation breakdown coming too!
#np A7x - Victim
Bnyak org bt.
#np Muse - Unintended
Wth? Bokap lu?RT @iloveyuv: Astagaa! Bapak gw tyta dlu anak geng motor *mnurut pengakuan lgsg trsangka* ckckck
baru bangun
"terlalu banyak IGO ckck.. @vandeGraaf , PM kaskus yg lu kirim linknye gileeee!!"
WOY!! @rayfranklind UDAH JADI! linknya gw DM
tai. jancuk. udh bt tambah bt.
SECOND HEARTBEAT
"bersukur gw punya photographic memory (walopun cuman bisa dipake buat mat & komputer, gabisa buat pelajaran laen)"
bkin bt aj.
Otm skyline
"Lo bisa pilih, mau gw bkin rusuh fisik apa psikis."
Gw punya hosting server 5 gb masi aktif ampe taon depan. Sangat muat buat naro SEMUA FOTO lo yg ada y.
"Siapa aj ank kls 8 tlg RT twt gw yg brusan"", biar DY BISA BACA."
"Mau lu ape sih tot. Lo klo mo nyari masalah jgn salah pilih org. Tu anak luarny doang culun, dalemnye gahar. [hackr laen jg gtu]"
Gw bingung anak bajingan kek lu bisa ada yg mao nemenin.
Jangan pada protes klo misalnya hri ini gw gaboleh ol CS. @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @kqueency
Berharap hari ini bisa ol CS!!
maybe i should play in a bathrobe for my Weabeats set to compensate for jakarta heat. should i?
never trust anyone who wants to be 'sutradara' on the first day of film school
orang orang pada goblok banget sih
"BATTLE OF THE MOST HATED EMOJI
VOTE NOW ON YOUR DEVICE"
had the most fun messing around with ebsynth by @scrtwpns!!!! nothing has been this much of fun since i first discovered datamosh years ago. will share some images soon when the video is out.
oiya special thanks ke @woytomtom_ yg semalem nggantiin gua ngontrol visual pas gua lagi opening buat CVX.👌👌👌
hey if you haven't read anything about systemic poverty you should definitely read some. it may or may not answer some of the most important questions you have in your head.
petition to start r/feast so we can discuss which of the five earths did 'elsewhere' actually existed in.
"ide ""yang muda yang berkarya"" itu akal-akalan generasi tua yang males kerja"
"""milenial bisa jadi game developer""
""milenial harus jadi innovator""
""milenial harus jadi entrepreneur""
lah situ yg udah bau tanah emang gabisa jadi game developer, innovator, sama entrepreneur?"
awas bahaya laten streisand effect
i would love to see an NDX and Didi Kempot collaboration
world's mad
didn't know and couldn't make it to the rally in front of DPR today. godspeed to everyone over there. #TundaRKUHP
"however, the death per energy produced from nuclear reactors compared to coal generators are significantly lower but people would always pay more attention to the nuclear ones. with great power comes great responsibility, i guess 🤷"
"always had the convo on why we can't have nuclear power in Indonesia just yet w oomf every time: Indonesian govt fully control our electricity and there are no private sector competitors. AND, w Indo gov - things are always prone to corruption."
"internet historian is actually bismilah pasrah
a conspiracy theory thread"
good lord that was a long ass film
"honestly, go see as above so below if you wanna see some scary fucked up shit that's not boring."
i hate the way women characters are written on It chapter two.
good lord bajaj bajuri makes my day a lot better from working on legal papers
finally got the full gesture navigation on Android 10. Android is adapting iOS navigation gesture and iOS is adapting Android volume rocker UI.
"my bad, it didn't explode — explode dhuarrr - the plane was losing lift cuz the rocket was fired before the wheels touched down. and it crashed. not exploded."
but then again we've already developed a fully functional VTOL tiltrotor and VTOL fighter jets at this point. and don't forget UAVs too. 🤷
i'm afraid of fucking things up and somehow pushing people away
nvm. I've been using SEUS PTGI so it's probably SEUS' options showing up on GeForce experience.
guess it's not the case anymore since the first one hasn't been doing its original purpose anymore and the second one slowly turning into jackass and try guys 🤷‍♀️
"i remember creating 'froyonion meets' and 'tapi boleh dicoba' to bring new stuff into the scene. the fore to put spotlight on upcoming internet personalities, and the latter to challenge public opinion on everyday things."
iye review ntar
"there are plenty of campaigns for the fire and smoke out there, and those hosted in kitabisa actually accept jenius, gopay, and major banks. it's relatively easy. there's not really an excuse for you not to donate."
"now playing NIDJI - SANG MANTAN sambil nyanyi"" gj ama adek gw sambil megang pentungan nyala"" yg kyak giring itu loo + gaya giring..."
B A T  C O U N T R Y
Gw barusan ngliat esbeye n pengawalny d jln alt. Cibubur...kta nykp dy mo nntn..gw blng sby mw nntn new moon d ex...ha9x...
"Knpa blkgan @sherylsmile , @frichiela jarang ol?"
Hore! Gw uda lancar maen BAT COUNTRY (A7x) !! *belum trmsuk solo*
#questionyouhate Lo ska sama ... ?
Otw ace hardware...
"Ank"" sd tere (angk. Gw!) difollow y bu heni gru komp kta... @dm_sihaloho"
A7x - Bat Country
*Synyster Gates' 2 min. full solo @ dear god*
"""We all need that person who can be true to you, but I left her when I found her and now I wish I'd stay..."" - Avenged Sevenfold"
A7x - Dear God
"""I'm not the last but I sure ain't the first..."" - Avenged Sevenfold"
A7x - Critical Acclaim
#janganfollowJanetSuwasto ... Ayo...pada retweet..biar jadi trending topics...
Tdur aj dah..off..
"Yg gw lakuin bgtu plg: makan, ol, nghack jaringan kelurahan bwt tgs sensus geo, maen gitar, tdur, (to be cont.)"
"Ralat twit gw yg td.. @priscagisella ca, gw nemu makalah klmpk12 yg dlu bwat ujian praktek! Wakkakak!! Dipamerin d openhouse sd.. :D"
Aaaarrrggh! M.I.P sucks! brg sama s MAHO !
Eh 9.1 pr bio lat ul bab 5 bag. A sama B doang kan? Siapa aja RT dong ASAP.
Tension #np
Udah lama bgt pdhal..
#np crossroads
Ganti ah.
Tumben nytel jazz.
"Bangga lo? 9 taon gw disini -__-"""
Ngeleket.
Ups
Afterlife
"Gw hari ini males lama"" depan kembaranny obama."
"""I'm not insane..!"" #np"
#np A7x - Almost Easy [CLA]
"""Liar, rape, kill!"""
#np A7x - God Hates Us
Unintended ampe malem
"Indosat IM3 bagus : inet koneksi dewa, murah, sinyal dewa. Yg gw bnci: SMS LEMOT BGT"
"Di timeline gw yg ngtwit pake CAPSLOCK bnyak bgt --"""
"Gw ttep lebih dmen tampilan Bukan BlackBerry daripada yg laen"""
"in case of another episode of censorship and blockade tomorrow, please please please prepare more than one options to secure your connection. e.g. different mobile provider / paid VPN / custom DNS / etc."
"🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
anyway on a more important matter, Twitter is inaccessible through Telkom IndiHome
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨"
"photo cred: Wahdi Septiawan/ via REUTERS, Fauzy Chaniago/AP Photo, Willy Kurniawan via Reuters"
beli pulsa dan simpen nomor temen. internet nggak reliable pagi ini. stay safe!
UPDATE LAGI: mati lagi. sekian terimakasih
"hati hati peluru karet, gan.
jauhi yg provokasi.
stay safe."
"here's the catch: there's a theory that trump won cuz of internet memes esp the danker ones circulating around /pol/ &amp; /b/. bukan nggak mungkin suatu hari ditunggangi pihak tidak bertanggung jawab. panjang umur jejaring sosial. this is our new trump card, let's keep it that way."
it's p cool right? cuz u get to talk to niche community or wider online audience depending on your material.
it feels slightly weird but also hopeful to see that we engage to protest in this post-internet era where internet memes are practically one of our most important way to communicate with others alike.
anjing water cannon banyak bukannya ditaro di hutan
(cont'd) and to bring war criminal to justice for their crime back in the 98 riot and after / before that. once again this is a rough translation to give yall an idea of how important this protest is to us.
"(cont'd) protesting against the army and police who has position in the executive house, to stop the military aggression against civilian and protesters in west papua, to decriminalize activists, to stop the forest burning by corporation and to cease their business permit,--"
updated my bio for these reasons. better safe than sorry. can't go hidden no more.
perhatikan lagi!!! timeline akun ini isinya kebanyakan retweet. salah satu pola akun bot / buzzer panggilan. hati hati sekali lagi 🚨🚨🚨
"hati-hati yg mau share ulang atau sebatas retweet. banyak video berkeliaran yg niatnya mendiskreditkan gerakan mahasiswa atau fear mongering.
double check, triple check, akun yg pertama kali posting video nya. cari tahu sumber aslinya dan pastikan legit bukan bot. cek caption!!!!"
just a reminder: the boomers are dying and most of the world leaders today are boomers.
maliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiih
#TundaRUUKKS ketinggalan hestek nya
tl;dr basically mereka bisa dan hukumnya sah untuk sadap dan baca pesan-pesan dan data keluar/masuk lo yang terkenkripsi maupun tidak. dengan dalih kemanan siber. tai kucing.
gua apus yg tadi soalnya babi di sini biar kata bego tapi masih bisa baca dan suka maen kotor kayak temennya di peternakan
"waktu gua kecil (late 90s early 00s) gua inget bokap gua (etnis tiong hoa) sering banget baca koran, nonton berita di TV dll. dan gua selalu sebel. kenapa bokap gua nggak fun dan selalu nontonin berita tentang pemerintah. beberapa tahun belakangan gua baru paham kenapa."
who cares with a shit like me
photographic memory isn't good.
Hacker
udala lupain aj. udh lama.
deep
gw mah bodo amat
don't care
ngejar postingan
...
Pngen cpet ISO
Happy bday agan @aldodp !! Semoga bisa kembali ijo.. :ngakak WKAKAKAK..
Flash
i hate laptop
"""Kaskus kepenuhan."" ToT @adarwis @kaskus"
"Gw bnci IM3, SMS LEMOT!"
mau triak dongo tapi takut diciduk
kayaknya udah bukan prank deh
"i just wanna scroll memes, r̶e̶a̶d̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶h̶e̶n̶t̶a̶i̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶t̶i̶m̶e̶s̶, play games, watch movies with no censorship, and live free without fear. jesus. how did we come to this?"
"terus ternyata pakde wanto cuma animatronik macem istana boneka gitu. yg asli udah lama meninggal.

[A THREAD]"
SOCIAL EXPERIMENT MEMPERSATUKAN SEMUA LAPISAN MASYARAKAT
"kalo jokowee tiba tiba bilang ""it's a prank brooo"" sambil rekam video buat vlog doi gimana"
"jokes aside, this girl knows her scale very fffffff well"
"ada siapa aja si? ya siapa tau tulisan di poster nggak keliatan.. ada DJ Soba, ada REDSHiFT, ada Mashiro, ada Krautmilk alias @krautmilk, ada Boyzu Rabu alias @babytarantula, ada gua dan ada yg lain jugaaa!"
"sekolah public relation yg bener
kalo nggak jadi staf gedung putih aja"
WADEPLEY WADEPLEY
ketawa is such an original indon coping mechanism during crisis mode
"pengen gitu jadi Minecraft streamer
haha jk

....unless?"
"w mau mati bye
gausa idup
jadi pohon aja fotosintesis sambil minumin aer tajin"
mad respect to people in the anime and game industry
"when u make films, bad things are bound to happen. always prepare for the worst, and don't be alarmed when things got out of hand."
inception is the strongest weapon
coy gua aja udah ga punya nomer +1
"anjing lah baru baca chat palsu masa iye anak stm nulis all base nulisnya 'all base'?????
dimane mane juga nulisnya albes"
kesempatan emas lho ini
ni gada yg mau nelponin nomor nomor polkis pake alex.amr ni seriusan
aturan abim yg diundang sbg musisi ke istana biar dikasitau
should i stream minecraft? 🙃🙃🙃
"wow gila edgy bgt gua join twitter tahun 2015, lu pada taun berapa? 2011? wow gila edgy bgt boi
yoi men gua punya twitter dari masih telor ungu"
"will shoutout the full creds and rights once both form are published! (yes, this will be available in 𝐭𝐰𝐨 mediums!)"
"tenang, jangan takut w ilang.
hp gua udah pake find my iphone &amp; find my friends. ios mantap memang."
this is global btw. nggak indo doang. yall can tone down the kominfo thing for now.
"gabisa multiple tweet, reportedly: gabisa gif, gabisa buka bookmark."
Twitter is broken lmfaoooo
sarkas woy. anjiiiiiing keluar semua keluar
pantes peking di-lockdown tempo hari 🙃 shipping ginian ternyata
TERUTAMA DI INDONESIA YE
financial planning should be taught in school as soon as middle school and then again during high school.
"honestly, as long as you're truly passionate (or at least genuinely liking) about the artists you listen to - i couldn't care less. i think it becomes a problem when you just listen to certain music just because it's cool or simply cuz it's something that's in trend."
"i know it's never good to judge someone from superficial qualities such as their musical taste. but: more often than not, this judgement eventually speaks for itself. and i have a handful number of groups in my head in relation to what type of music they listen to."
"i know i'm not the most knowledgeable person about music references, but i have this tendency to judge people from my first impression of their Spotify playlist and history."
so i used android a long long time ago back in my high school days. and almost everything in my phones back then were uploaded to google photos. and good lord it's a cringefest HAHAHAHAHA FUCK
ntar gua narasiin dulu
duh jelek nih gua nggak ngeh sejelek ini mix gua
"pardon the lag, i was out of town and only have my laptop with me without the eGPU. and it was recording so it dipped pretty bad."
feeling gua udah ga enak sama orang yg bilang peradaban nya feast ga enak karena pake instrumen cina
i am 𝓽𝓱𝓲𝓼 𝓯𝓾𝓬𝓴𝓲𝓷𝓰 𝓬𝓵𝓸𝓼𝓮  from losing my shit and shit on this fucking scammer
"since everyone always wonder and ask things about what kind of camera i use, here they are:
- Canon AE-1 with FD mount
- Canon 28mm FD manual
- 2X FD converter
- that old ass 18-200mm and i have no idea of the make and model
- films were developed and scanned in lab rana jakarta."
"pantes nggak terima banget misalnya ada hal kayak orientasi dan identitas seksual ada yg di luar binary men n women, lha wong karakter film aja bisa jadi perdebatan berlarut 🤦"
indon nggak bisa dikasih karakter yg abu-abu terus terima seadanya aja gitu ya kalau mereka abu-abu. harus dicari kebaikan/keburukannya melulu dalam segala hal. 🤷
rip alami
also: you a bum.
"since voting on twitter is anonymous, i just wanna let yall who picked option 3 know that doing it that way won't do you or people around you any good. you're not made to multitask nor to juggle more than 1 big project at a time."
would you rather
MALIIIIIIIIIIIIIH
"udah kayak orang kawin --"""
"Ok, plan gw : (setelah duit cukup) Beli VGA [sekitar 600k], sisanya kalo ada gw beliin HSF biar makin dingin.. (Y)"
Pentium 4 631 LGA775 | CPU Core Clock = 3.26 GHz; FSB = 860 MHz; Bus = 215 MHz; CPU Temp Max. = 59.5 C @rayfranklind
Saya bangga dengan Pentium 4 gw yg speednya udah nyampe 3.26 GHz !!
"CPU kalo fully load suhunya bisa sampe 70c kali yah.. --"" gila panas buanget."
"""..jangan terlalu khawatirkan panas, sebab efeknya tidak akan langsung ke komputer anda.."" - PC Media OverClocking Guide ^^"
"Intel Pentium 4 631 ""Cedar Mill"" [@ 3.00 GHz] ; OVERCLOCKED = 3.26 GHz"
"WOY @rayfranklind AMD Phenom lu 3.2 GHz kan??? PENTIUM 4 gw, barusan gw OVERCLOCK jadi --&gt; 3.26 GHz (tadinya 3.00 ) !! kalah lu!"
"Pulang ngambil hsf (dpet 2!!!), tes thermal, pasang hsf, tes thermal lagi.."
Belajarny bsok aj ah.
[BugMan]
belajar over-clock. besok gw over-clock. :)
yesss!! ada hsf nganggur!! amin amin
"heat-sink ENERMAX paling murah 100k --"" tapi boljug deh..diameter 12 cm lumayan gede + dingin"
"beli heatsink, over-clock. insaoloh berhasil. Bisa ngirit 3 juta gw."
BugMan
ancur. iye gw tau.
pusing ya tuhan
naek darah turun tai nih gua
DO WE NEED A MAMANG KESBOR TOUR 2020? VOTE NOW ON YOUR DEVICE 📲📲📲
KERJA-TIDUR-TERBANG-TRANSIT-KERJA LAGI-TERBANG LAGI-LANDING-KERJA LAGI 🙃🙃🙃🙃
this has been a really long week for me
why are yall acting so surprised whenever something shitty and stupid is trending on indonesian youtube? don't @ me for that bs i literally told yall over and over for the last two years and have gave you the huge one at the end of last year.
analog equivalent data rate may be possible in the future with consumer grade quantum computing.
suspended adolescence is the pinnacle of our generation
katanya kalo pake go-pay atau ovo dapet cashback 20% maksimal Rp 5000. kadang kalo kakeknya lagi baik ntar ama dia disuruh bagi dua bayarnya pake go-pay sama ovo sekaligus biar diskonnya banyak.
bahasa indon buat lo yg indonesiana: gausah bacot bilang youtube jelek pake mention mention gua segala kan udah gua ingetin terus terusan dari dulu. gak usah sok kaget deh.
"don't get alarmed, pictures of PS5 that surfaced was supposedly the dev kits and dev kit are almost always looking a whole lot crazier than the actual marketed console. cmiiw."
"ok google

etimologi kata ""patungan"""
"all jokes aside, this is the story of a man who had everything taken away from him and yet still somehow get back at it for a relatively short period. never cease to amaze. real life big boss &amp; MSF story."
"but yea let's get this out there: i wasn't the only producer in this project, and some commas went missing in the description and credit i sent to them. im just way too unmotivated to ask em to change it. same thing with irul."
while they could've pause the final credit frame hard rendered in the video to actually see and confirm it 🤷
i think it's cute that some people think they saw my full name and thought that i was the only producer in the amsterdamned animation.
soulless mfs go fuck urselves
ya tai emangnye gua buka customer care kalo ada penonton gua yg goblo
seriously fuck you guys
i fucking hate it when i wrote an email to explain everything in a structured manner and some people just straight up ignoring all that and replied on a whatsapp chat instead.
adrenalin pagi ini disponsori oleh nyamuk mobil yg kesedot idung gua
barakatak dj set
android 10 adaptive brightness is crazy fast. this is probably the best one in any mobile device today.
lol my browser and all its twitter cookies was flagged as spam HAHAHAHAHAHAH 80ribu block in 30 minutes bor menurut ngana
just cuz someone does something nice doesn't mean they truly have changed. you can be nice. but you should never forget. never forgive.
she was a culture vulture and is very likely to still be pulling this bs. call me an idealistic asshole but I'd love to conserve any culture and community. esp those on the internet. ppl like her are hurting the artists and their community.
"i feel obligated to post my own reason on why i still don't trust her and everything she does; her ex's death may be directly or indirectly caused by her actions. no one can really confirm anything, but then again she was the center of everything at the time."
"time to chainblock ayykareeen and all her followers i guess. if u don't see my tweets anymore, pls know that it may b cuz of that."
fuckingi imbeciles
"NEVER FORGET
NEVER FORGET
NEVER FORGET
permintaan maaf gak menjamin mereka menyesal atau punya itikad baik di kemudian hari. jangan lupa kasus yang sudah lalu dengan para influencer lainnya. jangan lupa gazellecross, jangan lupa qory, jangan lupa logan, jangan lupakan yang ini."
"problem gua dengan yawkareem:
1. she sued (or tried to sue) Nadiyah for speaking up against her action of copyright infringement over others' artwork.
2. self-proclaiming herself as an 'activist' while abusing her power and law to silence others who were rightful."
bangsat lah lo semua
🖕
hiii atuuut
jokes beda server udah nggak lucu keep it to your own discord server
kanye bikin album religi biar kalo bulan puasa ada panggung
atheis tapi percaya setan &gt; tatoan tapi ga pake narkoba
.@madebygoogle please please please fix the camera on Android 10 I really don't have time for this
im talking bout myself i wanna so fucking die from all of this man fuck this shit
"plz know that there are always motion designers who wants to die everytime you as a client make stupid, subjective, selfish, and badly written revisions and require us to make changes that are supposed to b locked few steps before"
"SHE WASN'T EVEN SORRY YALL
SHOULDN'T THIS BE EVEN EASIER FOR ALL OF US TO NOT FORGET?"
one of the best music video ever created too
"there goes my whole year of giving android a second chance. ravioli ravioli, time to smuggle sum iphone-oli."
GOD I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS SHIT IT'S BEEN A WHOLE MONTH OF STRESS AND IT'S THE 31ST TODAY NOTHING WORKS FUCKING FUCK EVERYTHING FUCK MY LIFE
"and factory reset means everything is gone. though everything is in the cloud, i'll have to redownload and reconfig everything. FUCK."
"for context: my phone camera stops working. all apps that rely on camera won't have its camera features e.g. instagram, whatsapp, gopay, etc. 
tried clearing cache and storage of the camera app, uninstalled &amp; reinstalled all camera updates, boot into safe mode, and factory reset."
"gausah bacot nyuruh gua beli iphone baru kalo lo pada beli iphone bekas aja susa
darurat ini darurat"
"and mind you this phone is my only driver so if something bad happened to it, my whole day to day life would suck big time. i can barely get work done without camera module running."
NGGAK BISA PAKE GOPAY YA RABBI INI LEBIH PENTING DARI SEGALANYA
"youtube sucks, stadia sucks, life sucks, fuck this, i'm working my ass to get a new phone that isn't made by google. fuck all this shit fuck everything fml"
wow thanks for letting me down in the worst possible scenario google. i know yall are pretty evil with all the data collection shit but bricking my phone's camera that was made by google is far worse.
bangganya nggenjot 700 post seharian ini..
Otm csi lv 5
Toil siape?RT @astridSJB: oh snsd ke indo yakin deh toil pasti narik gw nonton!
#np Eminem - When I'm Gone
Dapet SpeedFan bisa memperlancar urusan OC gw.
bau bangke
Hidup OVER-CLOCKER !!
Over-Clock is stunning.
"Prime96 Stability Test : Full-working 3.26 GHz = 2 hours stable, and then failed. ergh. fuck."
bentar lagi offline
people don't suffer just so you can feel better about yourselves
bantuin w ganti hp plis 😭
jual dom perignon 2008 vintage brut lebih rendah dari harga pasaran di jakarta. bisa cod gan 👍👍 serius ini beneran
komunikasi &gt; kamera
"yang nyuruh gua pake custom rom atau flash android 9: hp gua yg ini satu-satunya hp gua sekarang, kalau dalam jam atau hari-hari hp gua nggak available karena masih berproses reparasinya, kerjaan dan komunikasi gua posisinya sangat riskan. belom lagi kalo gagal dan malah brick."
"in conclusion, if someone were to tell me that android is better than iPhone and i should try switching to android: i did. and even flagship android device would only work better than iPhone in some very specific situation or scenario."
udh dari jaman gua sekolah kerjaannya emg jadi bahasan dan keributan ini masalah megapixel vs kualitas gambar sebenarnya.
"sony a7 iii punya 24MP di sensor nya yg seukuran full-frame, dengan harga USD 1798. terus kalo ada HP yg gembar gembor punya 108MP di sensor yg ukurannya lebih kecil dari kuku jempol lo, di harga Rp 7 juta lo percaya?"
lo nggak butuh MP gede gede kalo kualitas sensor lo gitu-gitu aja. 108 MP mau ngapain? bikin billboard? hasselblad yg medium format digital aja cuma 50MP udah overkill dan mahal banget.
chinese phone manufacturers just keep selling megapixels crap to clueless customers fuckkkkk
di rusia hutannya banyak tapi kenapa gada orang utan ya 🤔🤔🤔
and boy that season def left a feeling for the rest of the flight. i finished it within the first 3 hours of my flight.
i binged through 8 episodes of the end of the fucking world s2 during my 14 hr flight
"so imagine if there's an area where the final ending lies, and there's no way to get there unless we build literal bridges to get there. it may require a great collective effort to achieve it. just a prediction of mine &amp; putting this out there. we'll see once the game comes out."
"i suspect that Kojima is going to pull similar mechanic he put in MGSV online FOB and the total nuclear disposal objective. in short, i suspect that it'd require all of the DS players working together in order to finish the game and unlock the true ending of this game."
hahahahaha i won't be home when my DS pre-order is delivered
i don't think i can be a tech youtube personality. the scene is so scary
in conclusion: corporate sucks and they sometimes pull shit like this and lie to people so they'd make more money.
i am so sorry to any mutual artists here on twitter for posting funny pics and retweeting memes far too often than giving you all actual content. i hope i'll be able to post cooler stuff in a bit.
basically: cengtri
here's an idea: go-jek pool
tidur lg ya zzz
"me 5am in Philadelphia, november 8th: *gojek delivering my Death Stranding package to my home called and i don't want him to pay for international call so i declined the call and text him to knock the door instead. also, GILA BENERan TANGGAL 8 PAS NYAMPENYA*"
Apus ya artwork gua dari header lo @BiusPerawan. Minta izin belom diiyain maen dipake sembarangan kayak minta izin kencing sama guru. Pake screenshot lagi kampungan banget. Kontol.
"*iklan layanan masyarakat*
always tip your go-food driver, i just think it's a good habit to do.
*iklan layanan masyarakat selesai*"
TRANSISI MANUAL PAKE TANGAN GAK PAKE CHUNG DHA
got ma resting bitch face on for the rest of this flight
lol no TSA today 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 gate to gate
"talk about mas mas imigrasi, i just pulled up into canada and have an automated machine check my passport and they let me in because it was so crowded. human officers were there to just confirm the machine's receipt. really fast. more countries should do this."
hiii atut
peringatan bersama ya
new mixtape tonight
images were enlarged and refined in photoshop. HUDs were also cleaned up.
maybe i should continue the next installment to my unholy genesis series. 2 more.
"also, my tag on PSN is imamsupriadi. i never thought i would come in public ever. but yeah, send me screenshots if u find structures i made in Death Stranding!"
wait u know what. cancel it. lemme just record the good stuff and then post it over here. i wanna enjoy it myself. by biatch
should i stream Death Stranding? i don't have splitter and capture card at the moment so quality would suck ass but i could totally do it on youtube without using VNGNC channel.
"gamma is all messed up cuz i didn't turn HDR off when i play on my phone. there's HDR on my TV and it looked great, but it doesn't work well over remote play."
𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒖𝒏𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒚 𝒈𝒆𝒏𝒆𝒔𝒊𝒔 merely illustrate my imagination of the near future android possibilities. and this specific artwork in the series is a little bit of a tribute to the Death Stranding aesthetic and mood.
it's fun seeing my mass block-chain for yawkarim followers being actually effective in the wild
anjiiiiing udah pada punya all terrain skeleton. time to grind DS again 😫👌
saweria by @tibudiyanto made this possible. looking forward to the future of this platform and streaming in indonesia👌
Sorry
Happy bday @felixsupardi ..Semoga tambah panjang itunya... (umurnya)
Sorry.
#np #ujanujan A7x - Warmness on The Soul
Go go go !! (CS Cmd : X-1)
Intel = Quad-pump .vs. AMD = Dual-pump. Intel win.
Adrenalin pump
Part 2 nya enak bgt..
#np A7x - I Won't See You Tonight
#np Eminem - When I'm Gone
"""OverClock dapat menyebabkan kepanasan, pengurangan umur hardware, kerusakan hardware, gangguan sistem, dan kecanduan."""
sendirian
lagu fifa kemaren nyempil di harddisk.. wkekeke
best thing to do : shut my fuckin' mouth.
"akhirnya gw donlot juga kan itu lagu... --"""
It used to be her fav song.
#np Paramore - Decode
"son of a b*tch.. itu nama band + lengkap dengan logonya keluar didepan mata gw --"" susah y lupa --"""
#np Paramore - Ignorance || hayley williams (L)
"thanks to everyone who joined and donated! adam figure model is part of adam character pack from unity, available free for non-commercial use in unity asset store."
i just wanna eat tabasco and play video games
i fucking love tabasco
eat the rich
roda gila
"so yeah, would i settle for an asus rog laptop? hell fucking no. imma get a new AC adapter for this razer baby. even if it means shipping it overseas."
but also seriously there are hundreds if not thousands of better option overseas so why would i limit myself only to things available in indonesia which btw are mostly technologies from 2 years ago
kenapa sih gua ga bisa puas sama laptop asus aja biar kalo rusak gampang benerinnya
capek
🚨 BAKAL LIVE JAM 12 DI TWITCH MAIN DEATH STRANDING 👻 🌧 🕹 🚨
janji gua bakal beli UPS + stabilizer kalo ntar udah dateng power supply nya kayak kata @DavidBeatt
"stream di Twitch. donation bisa pake OVO lewat Saweria (nggak langsung OVO, biar bisa titip pesen kayak di tv)"
"nanti malem stream Death Stranding apa jangan? 

...kalo iya, bakal gua terimain donation buat bantu ongkos shipping power supply razer gua 😢😢"
yah malah dikira hasil usg
ds lanjut kamis gan bakarjo dulu mari
udah 4 taun masih enak aja yawla
man when i found out oliver sykes starts editing some of BMTH videos i thought to myself like that's it game over man haha bye
"Ms/sec peaked at 1.1.
i kinda took my dual GPU setup for granted. i'd usually get 5 Ms/sec or even better for a rather small scene like this."
makasih juga yg udah donate tadi!!!! 👍
you guys should totally do another narrated haunting ghost stories video but break the 4th wall in the middle of a video and have the narrator actually having his own encounter during the recording haha @ryansbergara
don't gimme that iBox / authorized reseller bs. i wonder why THE ACTUAL Apple store never opens in Jakarta. cuz the difference would be day and night between having the newest devices at a reasonable price or having to wait for a full season and paying 2x the actual price.
i've been wondering for about the last few months on why Apple store never actually open in jakarta. anyone care to explain or discuss?
i've found the help i needed. thanks for the share yall &lt;3
do let me know down here and i'll send u a DM. i'll pay for everything online so you wouldn't have to pay anything outta ur pocket 🥺
🇸🇬 SG!! does anyone here live in singapore? i need to buy an item online that needs a delivery to a singapore address and then have it shipped to indonesia 😭😭😭
took some time exploring youtube indonesia again today and man oh man hahaha someone definitely did not do their homework in cleaning up the community and shit.
malem ini bisa donate pake OVO points tinggal klik link donate atau scan QR nya aja ntar bisa ke page saweria yes
kangen manggung dah
and for some reason Drive (2011) feels a lot older than Inglorious Bastards (2009) in my memory
"💀☔️👻🏍👶
streaming Death Stranding yok hari ini
jadwal gua announce ntar!"
"in parallel universe, the US didn't bother making their own 110V / 60Hz electrical standard, the world follows a single standard, and not a single AC adapter confusion"
i should really stop working
thank you so so much for watching me play games and interact with one another 👍👽
"and on the saweria / donation news, @tibudiyanto is working on exciting updates 👍👍👍"
BAHASA INDONESIANYA: w bisa bikin emoji sendiri dan custom buat dimasukin di channel twitch gua jadi kalo ada gambar lucu atau ide apa reply ya di bawah. BUKAN EMOJI BIASA GAN jangan katro katro amat lah jadi gamer
emote is a custom emoji made for twitch.
"now that i can make my own emote on Twitch, please reply this tweet with the emote you'd want to see in my streaming channel"
i would much rather play on a crisp 1080p with ultra settings at 144Hz than the advertised 4K 60fps with horrible compression and input lag
this stadia thing is so bad
ahhh....gw ganti avatar jadi komputer gw (OVERCLOCKED!) @michaelphoenix mana komp lu ?!?!
panas
besok plg sekolah gw konfirmasi transaksi deh. biar hari senen paketnya udah nyampe.. B) mangstab
Insaoloh tar retret gw udh pnya bju #kaskus !! @aldodp @michaelphoenix
#np M.I.A
"Mati aj. Wkakakak RT @priscagisella: mata gua bengkak sebelah, kaki gua luka, rambut lepek, keringetan. menjijikan"
"#retret sekamar : @aldodp @vandeGraaf , bomaas. Mangstab gan"
"""Everything that has a beginning, has an end."" - Matrix Revolution"
"""Team fall back!"""
Jleb
"badge nya ntar gua bikin yaa, yg udah jadi baru emote nya aja"
"tetep bisa donate pakai ovo, tapi per nanti malem gua bakal buka subscription juga di twitch!!!! starting from $4.99 to unlock custom emote, ad-free viewing, and no slow mode on chat 👌"
old people be hating and blaming millennials for not fucking with their abusive business model and personality yet they're dancing to FUCKING TIK TOK
i just finished listening to the whole Menari Dengan Bayangan record. listening to a recontextualized version of Secukupnya and its verses due to the voice mail right before the song made it so much more relevant and relatable to me. thanks for making this gem @wordfangs
"""Percaya deh, habit begitu gak akan bikin lo kemana-mana di job market sekarang."" 

well it might not be for everyone, but i thankfully had the opportunity to stop working in a workspace with such mentality and look where i'm at right now. that habit hv definitely took me places."
also sakura nagashi is a fucking banger
yes livestream C4D is coming!
terima kasih friend of a friend dari @Sihk66 dan @ravenpieter 😭😭😭😭
can't lie that i was definitely influenced by @physicallydv and the c00l stuff he made
aaaaa caffeine rush
bukan loop sounds ye VJ loop ini maksud gueeeee
duh pen bikin loops pack tapi masih banyak kerjaan. pengen bikin sebelum desember selesai. ada yg mau nggak kalo gua bikin dan jadiin free download? donate sukarela aja.
meme
bawa
oh iya good news kedua: saweria masih dalam fase closed beta dan banyak fitur yang belum jadi. salah satunya payment menggunakan go-pay. sabar yak!
bakal stream nanti malem tapi bakal malem banget. mending mana:
ini streaming di twitch ya kamsudnya gan siapa tau ada yg salah tangkep ehe
yg skrikreb yg bisa pake*
LET'S FUCKING GO #BROCKHAMPTON
TROOPER WAGNER
"i rly hope they wouldn't make any posthumous releases like they did with peep and x. like, jus leave him alone yall"
thanks for the great music you put out. rip @JuiceWorlddd
"and if you've decided to get a credit card, read the terms and conditions day and night before you actually sign on it."
"get an actual credit card if you can (from a bank you can trust). bunga-nya jauh lebih masuk akal. kalau nggak bisa dan butuh pake, sign up jenius atau sejenisnya. that'll be your best bet. mau beli barang nggak punya duitnya? nabung bos."
"in another word: yes, a lot of fintech lending in indo are bad and some are really bad i wouldn't be afraid to even call em evil. this is seriously lintah darat 4.0"
"BRO
sabtu besok gua nggak di rumah alias berpergian. perlu twitch IRL gak?"
mandi dulu bentar sabar ngapa sih. fun after effects yes malem ini. motion tracking &amp; simple compositing.
"lagi live streaming c4d tapi lagi break makan siang, GIVE ME YOUR BEST ENO BENING MEME IN THE REPLY BELOW LET'S GO. MEME REVIEW LIVE."
jangan parkir sembarangan ya udah diingetin nih
"still images are part of animated shots that are have yet to be rendered. adam figure model is part of adam character pack from unity, available free for non-commercial use in unity asset store. scene inspired by midsommar (directed by ari aster)."
petition to make VJ booth on the stage as a norm
for reasons unknown there's always some japanese athlete with the same haircut as i do
"*) adam figure model is part of adam character pack from unity, available free for non-commercial use in unity asset store. scene inspired by Midsommar (directed by Ari Aster). Midsommar original score by Bobby Krlic is copyright of A24 Films. no copyright infringement intended."
"also if i stream today, of course there'll be a haircut reveal 👀"
streaming today?
Apa bnget deh
"far away in this land i must go, far from the sight the one.."
blajar geo bosen tapi harus.
bnyak yg bilang gitu. Tapi mnurt gw segini aj udh cukup.
"bantai kuin, abisin tu pb citer semuaRT @kqueency: Sini by 1 cs di kala bugil kliling sabangRT @AldiShay: @karina__natalie cs = cups"
Tweet 6661 - Z. Vengeance | @vengenz1 @TheOfficialA7X @aezn2490 @steven_1596 @eugeniefebby @hendryprabowo
ayok 2 lagi!
teruss!!!
lagi!!
dikit lagi gan!!
Pasukan Berani Mati
"""Far away in this land I must go,
out of the sight of The One."" - Chapter Four (cocok buat hacker. wkwk. @rayfranklind )"
"""Murder, liar, vengeance, deceit!"" - Chapter Four, A7x"
udah ah. avatar gw yg ini aja.
ayo bro kita lanjut ajojing jejepangan dulu sampe pagy
"now it makes me wonder, did someone ever made an original script indonesian film with chinese-indo protagonist without all the nationalism mumbo jumbo and simply picturing them as a human being in our unreal society. don't gimme that nationalism bs."
"yall should really know that the less privileged chinese-indo could be struggling real bad out there. the notion that ""all chinese-indo are rich"" is an idea planted by the FUCKING ORBA to divide and control the people."
going live in 30 minutes!!!!! yok mariiii
****sementara tutup dulu yak lapaknya. kalo available lagi ntar gua kabarin.
"jadi gua udah bayar internet rumah, stream Death Stranding sambil ngobrol santai apa nih ntaran?"
🎮 nanti malem streaming yuk. vote untuk milih game nya:
fuck you guys are so stupid sometimes
"yes i know they're hiring
yes i could use translate tweet
but these two wouldn't secure my position in working with them in japan"
"if i were to stream a live r/nosleep reading session, would anyone be down for it? fyi, nosleep is a subreddit for all horror/scary stories."
"fyi, you could listen to this playlist in the order i made, or shuffled. 

⬇️⬇️⬇️
however, please vote for your preference to this playlist as i'm willing to narrow the playlist down but with more frequent update. 
📲👇"
"narkoba itu apa?
narkotika orde baru.

narkotika itu apa?
narkoba dan psikotropika.

narkoba itu apa?
narkotika orde baru.

narkotika itu apa?
narkoba dan psikotropika.

narkoba itu apa?
narkotika orde baru.

narkotika itu apa?
narkoba dan psikotropika.

narkba itu ap?
narkotik0—"
ada yang punya foto pemukiman / jalanan jakarta yang kebanjiran kemarin atau hari ini? buat bahan stream gua nanti malem 👌
you're probably tired of me talking about death stranding &amp; horizon but these games really taught me about how nature will reclaim its place on earth no matter how hard we build shit on the surface.
the realization hit me hard this morning as i drove past flooded streets of jakarta: nearly every building and structures are never meant to last forever. the earth was never ours to begin with.
"yang bilang ""tapi di HI gerimis"" ajak ribut aja apa? literally semua region lain di jakarta ujan deres semalem kecuali mereka kan gua bilang"
what if i told u that i didn't use any gimbal or external stabilization system to shoot this video 🤔🤔🤔
"idea for a thread: developed countries (e.g. the US, Japan, Scandinavian) and their supernatural culture."
like how greedy do you have to be to literally make land on top of swamps????? fucking developers never failed to scare me
"i really hope kids my age who's growing old in the future and start building shit, they would build their property with respect to nature"
"your arrogance will be the end of you
and it shows"
whos wiser now lol
"u
w
u"
greedy ass motherfuckers
fuck the government
this guy in front of me is high key money laundering in a convenience store ATM
photo courtesy of @afninong1
so i guess i won't use any of my skymiles for domestic indo flights no more 🤔
hello hello my airasia big points how are you doing
nggak ada alesan buat lo jadi antipati tentang hal-hal yang kejadian di luar negeri cuma gara-gara bahasa inggris lo nggak bagus. @Eno_Bening inggrisnya biasa aja tapi bisa maen saham berdasarkan tweet donal trum &amp; twitter.
"edukasi diri sendiri
baca-baca, nonton-nonton tentang hal yang juga kejadian di luar indonesia.
dunia tuh nggak indonesia doang
dan indonesia tuh bagian dari masyarakat dunia.
nggak bisa bahasa inggris? belajar sendiri. ada duolingo, ada youtube, kalo nonton toh ada subtitle."
"but srsly fuck you if you're one of those media apologist cuz it's ""pasar indonesia."" suck my dick"
"if u got angry because of all the headlines and title then yes, you are exactly the kind of people they'd want to trigger to gain more clicks and shares. remember, when u don't share or talk about them, they lose money."
ini media clickbait ga tau malu emang
old people who are not willing to learn and respect new ways of thinking should really die im serious
"br0000 i need more ram for my laptop T_T
16gig doesn't cut it for what i do"
"""Keep moving forward."" - Meet The Robinsons"
Nikmatin aj lah idup gw jadi *ehm* hacker..Daripada mkirin urusan gituan bkin stress..Hahah..
MATIAS !!!!
"Bntr lgi #off, colok loopset."
Ga bs tdur gan @michaelphoenix
Anagram
Sampah.
I'm a shit
#soundtrackofthisday CHAPTER FOUR
"Gw dong udh nyala :p wkekeke.. RT @chandreaa: Lowbatt, belom kelar ips, inggris belom malah mati lampu great!"
Heatarche
"""I come here to kill you, won't leave until you die.."""
spam the reply of this tweet with your favorite memes. i'll RT the good ones. let's overthrow the media frenzy that's going on at the moment. GO!
soto ayam ngapa enak bgt si
masih menerima submission meme guna melawan persebaran berita-berita tai yang sedang ramai di masyarakat
my laptop is running on 2070 max-q along with an external 2070.
GIMANA KALO RAID SHADOW LEGENDS AJA
dota bareng @kevinchoc kali ye
setting the vote duration to a whole week cuz i know damn sure i will not stream any other games until DS is finished
"if one day, one glorious day, i am going to stream a multiplayer game, what should it be?"
fucking manbabies getting me zenuwen every fucking time jesus god if ur privilege had a physical embodiment i'd piss on it
"with that being said, ada yg punya invitation link ke discord twitch indo gak? i wanna join there so i could raid anyone who's online whenever i'm done streaming"
i just realize how youtube does not have raid feature unlike twitch which is probably why its streaming culture still hasn't really popped
"also, i think anyone who were fine with me and few others using blockchain but went ȺNǤɆɌɎ when a group of others used it and straight up calling them names, you're an asshole"
"and boy oh boy do i not know about people pulling orba and freedom of speech card against those who blockchained against them. HAHA BITCH this is the reverse of censorship. we are censoring ourselves. if anything, this is just a mass produced middle finger."
"if u don't like it when people use blockchain or when u got blocked due to blockchain mechanism, then i guess this plugin is created exactly to block people like you. geez, gtfo i dont wanna see u in my yard and i got a gun. (the yard being my twitter, and the gun is blockchain)"
"i think blockchain (the twitter plugin, not the crypto) is great. it gives people power over their audience. 👌👌👌"
"who tf are these people jesus christ
stay on instagram gtf outta here"
artwork apa death stranding?
ntar malem stream lagi yu
"dont worry about things u cant change

worry about things that could've been different just by slightly changing ur decision"
finna get my bags from others who are more mature and responsible
i fucking hate it when someone in power didn't give all of theirs and people under them suffer
"out of curiosity, udah ada yg pernah streaming Minecraft RTX di indo belom?"
short minecraft stream today?
"***** BEGIN PSA *****

DON'T LET SHITTY YOUTUBERS AND TOXIC GAMING FUCKBOYS RUIN STREAMING LIKE THEY DID WITH YOUTUBE FEW YEARS AGO

***** END OF PSA *****"
lagian gimana juga negara laen ngejajah pake micin? literally bisa dibikin di mana aja kagak perlu bahan dasar khusus. dikira bisa kali ye bikin opium war pake micin?????????
"Muntah. RT @soalBOWBOW: Ketika sedang makan bersama keluarga, yang harus didahulukan adalah .... #soalBOWBOW"
Bosen
"Oops, ada LOGO NWO lewat..!"
Sisany plajaran gapenting kcuali mat. RT @ilinearlene: Brasa kyk dh slese ulum gara2 IPA n IPS dh kelar. Wkwkwk..
Kebelet maen black-ops padahal taun dpan bru bisa maen..
"""App. Closed : mediaserver"" -,-"
"Harus buru"" kebeli VGA baru taun dpan bwt maen CoD 5,6,7 !!"
Ah mnding gw nontonin slide pkn deh ah.
Buku. RT @laura_lr: Pda bljr pkn dri mna?
Investigator RT @soalBOWBOW: Paman bertugas untuk mewawancarai narasumber. Pekerjaannya adalah sebagai .... #soalBOWBOW
"Seminggu ini ngaskus cuma ol FJB #kaskus doang --"" @aldodp @michaelphoenix @rayfranklind @vandeGraaf"
"Paling bkin doa --"" RT @bellaroulinaa: RT @natashabharat: Hmmm agama yg keluar di esai apa ya?"
Indosat sampah anjing.
"but on another streaming news, i'll soon be able to afford a proper microphone for streaming! and of course saweria talks with @tibudiyanto next week when we both actually have time lul 👌"
weekend's gonna be hectic af. can't promise any streams until at least next week 😢
"i love how netflix is teaming up with the ministry of education n then this shit came up 

HA 

talk about progress in this shithole being run by shitheads in the govt and private sector"
"Netflix tida aman my ass. you know what's not aman?
you and your perverted whatsapp group.

jadi pemerintah &amp; orangtua ngapa kek kontol si"
UGH STOP
kalo punya rumah betonnya aja yg diekspos galonnya jangan
sirkal sirkel sirkal sirkel tay kucing la
e-paspor ga guna anjir kalo bikinnya baru katanya gak bakal ada di database autogate nya di bandara 💀💀💀 katanya harus tunggu beberapa update yg bisa setahun lebih 😀🔫
ダサラク😂😂
basically any pictograph writing system would make really cool motion design
kanji letters open so many motion design possibilities unlike the latin alphabets 😢
inb4 oh it's better to tell em in person or privately — YEA it didn't work. i tried. other friends tried.
"like just let it go bro
you know they dumb and irrelevant anyway"
im calling dibs for the term 'comedy dependencies'.
this boomer friend of mine seriously getting me zenewen eh
blurring the lines of entertainment and social commentary since 2016
i am inclined to believe that ancient scriptures were in no way created by divine being but the minds of man
sungguh singkat stream gua barusan mon maap LTE indon tida sebagus itu
i might not be able to make it home by 11pm. let's do a short IRL stream later~
nggak main death stranding atau c4d dulu karena masih sakit 😵
yg ngeselin tuh ya automated system nya. ngapain pake paspor elektronik yg ada RFID nya kalo nggak bisa update database &amp; 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞 secara instan???? yg lebih ngeselin lagi ya epaspor gua bisa dibaca di 𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞 negara lain tapi di indo sendiri malah gabisa 💀
yang bilang epaspor ga bisa dipake kluar negri coba itu kucek lagi matanya atau dilap layarnya. gua bilang kan yg gabisa 𝒂𝒖𝒕𝒐𝒈𝒂𝒕𝒆 nya bukan imigrasinya gimana sih HADEEEEEH lo pada baca instruksi ikea pake walkthrough lagi jangan-jangan
"paspor w bisa abis dalam 2 tahun ya rugi yak gua

padahal di singapore, di kanada, dll. e-paspor gua selalu bisa dipake di automated gate mereka ngapa di indo sendiri malah kaga bisa ya malih"
gestun brothers and the debt company
"music selection by:

boyzu rabu ボイズ・ラブ
xxnorm ノーム
krautmilk ヘラルド
izzy イジー
kifu キブー
mashiro ましろ
soba 蕎麦
redshift レドシフト"
"and then i heard a voice, faintly. it was a man. at first i couldn't tell what language he was speaking. but i somehow understand what he was saying repeatedly. it's definitely indonesian. it's clearer than before, he was chanting

... O AZA YA KAN
O O O"
i was almost asleep and my ears were ringing louder than before. it's all i could hear right before i fell into the deep sleep. each time my heart pumps blood through my whole body i could hear the stream of my life rushing thru smaller veins in my ears.
MANA ADA KANKER OTAK MEWABAH
you and your afternoon brunch club with other moms in PIM
kalo tuhan ngijinin terus gua bilang nggak tuhan mau apa
are u looking for urself in ur spotify library at 3 in the morning?
caffeine rush xxxx000000 💀💀💀💀🧠💉🧠💀💀💀💀
yes i deleted the previous tweet i was meant to type social but got corrected to suicidal
"disclaimer: sungguh benar pantun ""jalan jalan ke taman puring (cakep), ayo hapuskan body shaming."""
"was wes wos tenang b0s, doi belum tentu maksudnya ngatain lau garing beneran. 
.
.
.
tapi maksud gua— pun kalau misalnya dia blg lau garing, masa iya elo sebagai profesionil bisa sampe bereaksi segitunya?"
udah profesionil masa dikatain garing nangis
shoutout to everyone in my stream who's been watching for the past month and helped me complete my setup. slowly but surely we're getting there!
"also, the microphone is on its way!!! should arrive by tomorrow~"
"jadi kata salah satu tantenya ""corona nggak bisa kenain orang indonesia, orang kita makan nya jorok""

HAHA TANTE U EVER BEEN TO INNER CHINA"
seru ni om om warung bakmie lagi ngomongin corona
anjing lah pusing ye jadi kelas menengah
sabar bentar tech difficulties
kesian admin nasa
kayak pertanyaan-pertanyaan perbandingan macem A dan B ini atau itu keluar aja ya bye jangan harap
anjing jam segini gada yg bener kalo nanya
"banyak nunggu render preview
ask me anything sampe ntar gua tidur"
if there's any lesson i can take from hideo kojima that'd be to not be afraid of liking popular things. it doesn't make you any less special or less knowledgeable to like things that many people like. do whatever suits you.
airbnb di oakland berapaan ye buat second sky 2020
"heavy post week incoming~~~~
esketito"
i like watching stuff that makes things i make look like total shit
shit wrong year
"never push collaboration over productivity. if bringing more people into your project doesn't give you any significant boost, don't bring em in. fuck collaboration, do it yourself."
one of my professors back in film school always told me how excuses are for assholes. stop making excuses and do better. you KNOW you could've done it a million times better.
"say you made something you're proud of (but deep down you know how it could've been better a million other ways), and then your friends and peers complimented you for your achievements. thank your peers. acknowledge them. BUT always remember to do better next time. no compromise."
"kalo temen lo bilang karya lo bagus, jangan langsung percaya dan berhenti di situ.
-- bukan maksud gua jangan terima compliment, tapi jangan sampe lo percaya kalau batas kemampuan lo cuma sejauh alat dan keuangan lo di mana."
jangan cepet puas
just realized now that i'm a twitch partner i could add 1 extra emote for the $4.99 tier!! will add new emote later this week~
it's mind-boggling that youtube does not have this feature
pkn otda bahannya bejibun
males blajar pkn apalagi b.i
"abis -,-"
#nowwatching david blaine magic man (y)
twitter sepi sangat
Bokam
+6287878910243 ada yg tau tu nomr gak? Nlpon gw gajebo.
Proud to be Gager.
Knape lu? Ngliat cewe? RT @aswinadiyasa: Wtf mimisan
Ada ah. Yg abis dy dikasi coin '#1 dad' RT @Ujay06: Emangnya ada?
"FPI lagakny nentang miyabi kemari, pdhal klo dikasi pelemny juga pasti nnton -,-"
Wth? Ditengah ulum?RT @JessApriliana: Pengen main guitar hero ah ntr~
"""..Die shady!"" - Eminem, When im gone #np"
Crossroads
Total pemasukan minimum si ocean7 seminggu ini : 300rb..Itu minimum lohh..
announcement for saturday night streaming tonight.
also i really love the fact that porter use more and more practical effects on his videos 😭
"compare that to spitfire, language, and worlds era. not saying any of them are better than the others, but seeing the contrast and sense of progress over this long period of time is amazing."
"until get your wish came out last night. 
now everything makes sense. the more organic sounding song serves the art direction right."
"i like how porter's art direction changes as his music evolved. it didn't make much sense at first when i saw the announcement for the new record with sans serif fonts, lots of curves and circles, and nature imagery."
"in the long run, i want to make more of sincere and heartfelt artworks.
—
i
don't want to mess around with just cool but meaningless stuff for far too long. 
—
good night / good morning
🌙 / ☀️"
ガラクタキャ！🌟
"just finished one of the hardest editing session i've ever had. 

good preparation and good team dynamics goes a long way 😭"
ndx aka but soundcloud trap
duh gep beat lo @_geraldgerald_
additional points if you were told to spend the night in the (𝒏𝒐𝒏-𝒆𝒙𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒏𝒕) graveyard in the back
"where my catholic school dogz at?
vote now on your device 👇👇"
hewo @daijobuclub
protect your ideas from predatory peers. believe in your own work.
"i'm not talking about video games, shooting frame rate, or transport frame rates. i'm talking specifically about the end product. for videos. or films."
it is seriously a digital age blessing to be able to choose whatever frame rate we want when we shoot video/film. not being constrained to one or two standards opens so many possibilities.
i judge people by their frame rate decision
"would yall listen to my mixtape if i record one for @daijobuclub????
hmmmmm 🤔🤔🤔🤔"
i could totally pull a simple xpresso faders to optimize customizability of the scene with all the necessary seeds and values routed to a simple set of faders.
"water has a subsurface scattering / medium shader to make sure the deeper the water, the fewer light rays are allowed to go through."
grass and moss on the ground are sorted by an imagetexture through octane material and octane scatter object. rocks generated by forester rock and scattered with octane scatter. moss on the rock filtered with dirt shader.
i cannot wait for nurture
i never knew writing fictional story about death of a loved one could be this hard
1917 feels like one clusterfuck of a nightmare
"oh another note on the first dream, when we landed in changi, i saw a massive china airlines airplane. it was sitting just outside of its hangar, but it was situated tall like an EVA with few cranes supporting it. it was probably an antonov an-225 under construction."
"fast forward it was suddenly saturday afternoon, i went upstairs and found my brother djing with a modified vcd player that lets him dj with the video output mixed just like the audio. and then when i tried, the disc broke down. the disc was apparently made out of tortilla."
i dreamed of being in an SQ flight that helped an indonesian domestic worker to run away to sg from her abusive employer in indo who were in the flight as well. the plane literally hover by harbourfront and let her jump outta the plane. and then we headed to changi for landing.
i'll make archive and artifact of my experiences so i'd never forget if i ever grow old
mengapa saya malas sekali
also i can now confirm that sam mendes has a thing for burning old house in the middle of the night
"VLC bisa pake slogan EDC BCA deh

""Cukup 𝘴𝘢𝘵𝘶 untuk kelancaran bisnis anda"""
love the energy on this thread. keep it up.
🦇🦇🦇
01100010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 00100000 01110101 01100100 01100001 01101000 00100000 01101011 01100101 01100111 01100001 01101101 01110000 01100001 01101110 01100111 01100001 01101110 00100000 01111001 01100001 00111111
"ORA UMUM
ORA UMUM
ORA UMUM"
rewatching it after i get a better understanding of film does make a meaningful difference. will talk more about it later.
rewatching another because there's some things i remember about it but it feels foggy in my memories.
ini film twitter indo tai bgt sih
public enemy sekarang synonymous dengan sampah masyarakat
yha gajadi ke jakarta pagi
hati hati banjir
eng: i haven't had time to be posting my daily twitter stuff like i used to due to handling multiple projects at the moment. screenshots in the previous tweet are snippets of my upcoming projects.
I'm a P S Y C H O S O C I A L
Jangan sampe sabar gw abis Tuhan..gw gak gak mao nghack dy..tahan emosi gw...aaaarrrggh...!
Gw cuma ngingetin ini ke follower gw ... Gw bisa jadi siapa aja yg gw mao waktu gw ngirim email...ati2 tuh...
"Ini namanya perang batin..disatu sisi gw pengen nghack, satu sisi blg jangan hack!"
"Gw jg gamao nghack sypa2..sumpah deh..tp klo sabar gw uda abis, jiwa hacker gw kluar..."
Ok my grey matter..control yourself be4 u hack 'someone' account n make 'some1' mad...hufft...
Rasanya pengen ngehack tapi gw hrus sabar..tahan..idup gw masi panjang...
"""Can't help but think all the times I've had with you, pictures and some memories will have to help me through..."" - Avenged Sevenfold"
I miss your tweets... T-T ..
#youknowyourinlove when hoping she / he ol msn...
#youknowyourinlove when I start listen to A7x - Dear God...
"Knapa judul lagu bhs ing kren klo d translate jd alay? Co.: Bat country -&gt; Negara kalong ?? Online -&gt; nyala garis ?? Creep -&gt; seram ??? -_-"""
(^) 14th @aldodp !
"Daftar org yg ultah hr ni: adek gw (9), @aldodp (14), adekny @IndigoKeylaPriv (8), @rakagates (13) ..."
Pdt. Gilbert ktawany gila... :D
Weh! Hepi bday 14th @aldodp !
"Avenged Sevenfold are M. Shadows, Synester Gates, Zacky V., Johnny C., The Revrend | avengedsevenfold.com"
"Hah? Lw buka bb? *bb: buka""an .. Waaahh... RT @ona1427 : Akhirnya buka bb"
A7x - Seize The Day
Need a little piece of time once again
Nerd
Gasabar tgl 7!!
Lips of Deceit
why? knapa tdi siang lo msti ngbahas dy (semua)?!
"mesti ngrjain kwn, blajar mat, blajar boga, mikirin kiriman dll. tmbah sakit dah ini perut"
"tak ada kabel ,kawat pun jadi"
Mati saja
Yg maen typeracer klo ktmu nick : DewaKibord = itu gw.
"#decwish rapot bgus, retret enak, libur maen CoD & GG !"
Saling jilatRT @soalBOWBOW Hadi dan Eka ... kelereng di halaman. #FunFunBOW @MOTION975FM
Gw ditawarin jadi RESELLER ocean7 gan!! @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix
know that u shouldn't spend time at anything you cannot change. u know u can change urself and that's a better time spent i guess kthxbye
kayaknya ntar malem gua pergi nonton parasite b/w deh tapi
holy fukkk i'm definitely gonna dig @runwayml today 👾👾👾👾👾👾
streaming nggak ntar malem?????
"i need to develop a way to simulate true anamorphic lens behavior in octane camera. you cannot fake an anamorphic field of view. once you see it, you can't unsee it."
"in conclusion, maybe i just hate people who thinks that it's easy to go into hiding after comitting an action online. i'm lowkey obsessed with hunting down these kind of people. 💀🔫"
"ALSO, FUCK GOVERNOR ENTITIES WHO MADE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION PERMIT EASIER THAN EVER IN JAKARTA. I THINK YALL HAD ENOUGH CONCRETE AND BUILDINGS IN THE CITY."
"𝓽𝓱𝓲𝓼 𝓫𝓲𝓽𝓬𝓱 straight up told me it was my fault for not watching Vertigo when it was released in May 9th, 1958 in San Francisco cuz she wanted to spoil the film for me????"
setup bentar ya
"whatsapp group has become the 4chan for boomers. it's just a feedback loop of nonsense, fucked up ideas, and racism."
gajadi de pusing
malem streaming ds yok
friendly reminder jan lupa bayar invoice gan sekian trimakasi
"u know what time is it yalll????
it's kismin weeeeeeeek👌👌👌👌👌"
"daijobuclub livestream tomorrow
announcement soon"
jadi aturan tuh @daijobuclub keluar DaijobuReport event djdjepangan 3 malem ini.... tapi gua telat bikin n belom pulang 😢😢 ごめなさい（；＿；）
like i'd be okay of temporary hearing loss due to listening to this tape a little too loud
makasii yg udah nonton dan stay walaupun banyak dc dan frame drop di awal 👌👌
man i miss doing shows in the US u_u
"stream had to end early due to network issues (again)
sorry yall"
crazy how 1½ hard-boiled egg is enough to make me full now
"stay safe yall
wash ur hands to welcome to the black parade
and avoid going out to large gatherings unless necessary"
mother earth might just be pulling the biggest 'ok boomer' in human history
we're making @daijobuclub previous livestream recording available permanently during these dire times to keep you occupied. announcement soon!!
"there see very few things i am confident in teaching others seriously. such as in-depth video compression, 3D compositing, or artistic composition in general - applicable for nearly any kind of visual medium.

idk. ask me or tell me your thoughts about this ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️"
"however, what do yall think about an actual (paid) online class with real time interaction? i'm thinking a small class of 10 people, maybe 4 to 6 hours per session."
"i'm still busy moving to a new place, so i still can't stream regularly like i used to. 

i will make sure to jump back in as soon as i can."
i'm happy with the decision to leave non-stick pan behind and move on with stainless steel. few days in and so far so good. we'll see how it goes in the next few weeks.
like 200+ years long after the world recovered
wasn't tagged but thought this was interesting eh
does anyone know or have ever certified a house for sertifikat layak instalasi listrik? i'm trying to look for one in greater jakarta area.
"if it's convenient, please remind your parents/aunt/uncle to stay inside and only going outside unless absolutely necessary. and maybe few of your edgy friends as well."
i'm playing super smash brothers ultimate on switch now
i'm done with my errands for the day. guess i'm gonna stream ssbu in a bit (^_^)
"please stay inside
wash your hands as often as you can
wear a medical face mask to protect your face"
smart home dads are my favorite youtube niche at the moment
😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
"KASKUSER sepuh T27a Gath (ceilah) hari pertamax retret,, 7 DEC besok!! (Y) @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @Matias_Bakmi"
"""I push my fingers into my eyes...
It's the only thing that slowly stops the ache..."" - SLIPKNOT, Duality #np"
"abis ini gw ngemix NIGHTMARE (untuk ditambahin ""sesuatu"") !! wkwkekekke @michaelphoenix @aldodp"
"orang kalo ngga ngerti metal dngerin lagunya SLIPKNOT / A7x jaman"" Sounding the 7th trumpet dibilangnya lagu sampah."
Konspirasi mengapa orbit bumi miring : si BigMac berat badannya nambah terus.. @kqueency @michaelphoenix @aldodp @vandeGraaf
Fak indosat
#np SLIPKNOT - Duality || dari @hendryprabowo ..asli asik ni lagu bner!! B)
"Paul jadi dmen viva la vida gara"" @priscagisella ? Wkakak.."
iContact
Kongruensi mati aj.
donations will be distributed in the shape of basic daily needs and cleaning supplies for workers who can't stay home
i miss sbux chicken and spinach quiche T_T
streaming soon!
i have finally finished death stranding
"NASI SATU
NGGO TELOR DADAR DUA
TERI GORENG ADA GA? ABIS?
YAUDAH KERING TEMPE AJA
SEMUR TAHU SATU
NGGA PAKE SAMBEL
KUAHNYA DIKIT AJA
DIKIT AJA MBAK
UDAH UDAH
MINUMNYA ES TEH MANIS AJA
ES TEH MANIS"
man a lot of these xbox fanboys are toxic af
"no, i did not render this on my pc or created it from scratch on c4d. this was all screenshots from photo mode inside of death stranding, on a PS4. screenshots are then exported to photoshop for further polishing."
"izzy is not affiliated or endorsed by gojek, pt aplikasi karya anak bangsa, and its subsidiaries. death stranding is a trademark of sony interactive entertainment LLC. created and developed by kojima productions. all trademarks are property of their respective owners."
ESPECIALLY DURING PROFESSIONAL HIGH-TENSION CONVERSATION AND DISCUSSION
"o lord the joy
the happiness
and the bliss
o god i thank thee for this blessing you gave me these past seven days
o lord how merciful thou art
for making me not give a single fuck of any twitter fight this week"
i'm seriously thinking of ways to level up my streaming game with resolume 🤔🤔🤔
using visual effects to enhance actor performance is super fun
arturito kek mc acara qnet
seru juga nonton telenovela sambil cuci piring
comment di bawah ges
bagusan money heist atau la casa de papel
just realized how animal crossing uses the same format as airline PNR for dodo codes.
man netflix looks so good on hdr
"also i'm not gonna use vbox cuz that'd just cost too much of a harddisk space - running low cuz u know, video biz"
man i wish my workstation runs on 10 pro instead of home T__T would love to have docker installed on this machine 😭😭
yuk mari kembali lagi bekerja dari rumah
i doubt soundcloud's gonna die anytime soon
"djing while playing smash livestream
hmmmmmmmm 🤔🤔🤔🤔"
"here's an idea: a cinema4D livestream with crowdfunded savefile download. 

if the donation reached a certain amount during the stream, i'll share the .c4d savefile along w the dependencies (textures, primitive models, etc.)

would anyone be down for this?
it can also b photoshop"
"telat dikit yak
lagi concall
pake msn"
there's this one project i'm currently working on and i can't fucking wait to share it with yall but meh what can i do
"i feel like streaming tonight.
⬇️📲📈
**vote now on your device**
game that won the vote will be streamed 👌"
okay i don't have a grater that's good enough to grind rock salt and also i had no idea that it could be grated. and yes i am def tweeting bout this to make a cover story for my ketamine stash.
disclaimer: i WILL still eat and cook food with iodized salt because health. but yeah rock salt is THAT good.
bekerja untuk tom nook
special c4d stream next monday?
might fuck around and install rise of the tomb raider tonight
there's no way we're not living in a simulation
writing code is not not creative suck an egg
man if anyone ever said web or app development isn't a creative thing go suck an egg
i thought it was ghost walking around and stomping
it's been a while
"getting a new ergonomic chair so i can work and stream with much less strain. thank you yallllllll T_____T
all these streaming donations really b helping me 😭😭"
aight time to prepare this big setup 2 hours ahead
Brutal. RT @iloveyuv Ahhh stress abis belajar! Pokoknya udah selese ulum gw mau bodo amt dah sm nilegw. Yg penting ulum udh slse!
"Bamby : ""syp dsini yg gigantisme? Sehari tingginya nambah 5 cm.."""
:9
Eternal Rest
Sa********o
Kaskuser @ retret 2 hari lagi!! @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @Matias_bakmi
Crossroads
Depolarisator
"Gw baru aja mencet CTRL+D u/ forum yg sebenernya jarang gw buka, buat lw :)"
cystg aja ah
#np love the way you lie
Religion
im looping ransom for the 773937494th time come fight me if u disagree
tiap mau kerja ada aja hambatannya
it's frustrating that i cannot even start working properly
bro this old school borgore set on nocturnal wonderland is cool
just when things were about to work out shit like this happened
doh i could use a bowl of chipotle right this very moment T_T
"figured that i should absolutely try getting myself into unity. should start by building the scene in C4D, then using the assets in Unity for lighting, texturing, and realtime rendering 🤔🤔🤔"
i absolutely need another shot of coffee and motivation
there's no better time to learn new software
"pelanggan first media mau demo nggak bisa karena PSBB
mau demo online pake zoom 99 orang juga nggak bisa :("
"i know i still owe yall that C4D session with downloadable content, BUT, how cool would it be for me to figure out the new Blender on stream? let's all be clueless together for a moment"
i would love to talk about how clever they used aspect ratio to play with scale in Joji's Gimme Love music video.
come fight me if anyone ever said we don't need faster internet
internet music is definitely one of the things i'm grateful for
i saw a lot of yall struggle to learn modelling and doesn't seem like letting go modeling anytime soon. i watched Ian Hubert talk last night and he said one thing i haven't been able to express this whole time: dont reinvent the wheel.
i still can't believe how easy for me to get started on blender after i made the workspace exactly the same to my c4d :( i feel kinda old now
"man blender had come a looooong way
if only i was mature and patience enough 10 years ago"
maybe i should recreate misato's apartment in blender or something idk
"good evening sir how would u like your water
sparkling or still
we've got a cold seafood platter to start
and we also have our special dish for tonight
it's a muted blu-ray version of neon genesis evangelion with a slowed down + reverb version of joji's gimme love on the side"
stay safe everyone
but i suppose there's no way to use whatsapp without receiving the text messages. if only whatsapp login works with third-party authenticator apps out there.
this whatsapp hack was based on vulnerabilities in call &amp; texts diversion on SIM card level. cmiiw but the only way to overcome this is to not use SMS for any two-factor authentication method. especially on platforms with no password like whatsapp.
it feels hard trying to keep it together and not go into full rage mode HAHAHAHAHA
your privilege does not dismiss their hardships even if you acknowledge them.
others do not suffer so you can be more grateful for yourself.
guess now my c4d and afterfx just decided to stop working on me roflmfao
the most important part is to make sure that SMS diversion is turned off and your whatsapp has 2FA turned on. the steps and ways can be slightly different from one device to another i'm not stackexchange or xiaomi support get outta here
"knowing that our govt and police can easily frame anyone using whatsapp at this point, please proceed using whatsapp (and your phone) with greater caution. here are a few steps i took to add an extra layer of security to my phone and whatsapp."
"HELP 
I'VE GOT TO A POINT WHERE I WANTED TO TYPE TURBOSQUID
BUT I SUBCONSCIOUSLY TYPED TOKOPEDIA INSTEAD
HELP"
might fuck around and buy graswald pro on full price
HADEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH
"until about a year ago and especially this last month. i actually saw good stuff that was able to legitimately show that blender is really THAT good. not just cuz it was free but really, it is THAT good once you dig way deeper."
"good evening / good morning
i think part of the reason i didn't like using blender was all the blender purist always saying that ""blender is better because it's free and open-source"" without actually seeing something good that was made with blender with my own eyes."
crazy how this 1920x1440 frame only took 15 sec on a single GPU setup on openGL.
"gua pen jadi ceo di gta online biar bisa bikin nama perusahaan pt mencari cinta sejati,,,,,,,, hhehhe"
belajar ngedit bego
"and of course, i still have a lot more to explore. but i haven't been feeling this excited about learning something new for a while now."
KASKUSER rusuh @ bus 2 hari ini!! @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @matias_bakmi
- 3 hours
"Wah! Mau ngapain neh? Parah lu len udah ngmg ""muat gamuat"" aje..wkwkwkwk RT @me_buff: Aduh muat gak ye"
gw ganyadar udh jam 9 ..hahahah..keseruan maen..
"kapan"" kemana yok gitu @aezn2490 maen modernwarfare bareng.."
Meditasi versi gw = tidur + sounding the seventh trumpet sealbum + waking the fallen sealbum
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
#np A7X - DARKNESS SURROUNDING
sekarang jadi EDGE lohh..hahaha..GG TQ
#np A7x - Forgotten Faces
"""why so serious?"" - Joker"
"""don't work hard, work smart."" - Th0R"
GG TQ
sepi.
gsabar besok gan
besok KASKUSER rusuh @ bus 2..wkekeke.. @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @matias_bakmi
tadi barter buku sakral udah kyk jualan narkoba....awkakwakwak @rayfranklind
"gw ngerasa di-""blacklist"""
istg my creative process is 1 week of procrastination and a getting everything done in a 3-hour session at 3 in the morning.
"i keep failing to render this scene due to blender keep running out of memory despite it's only running 70,000 individual objects and 5mil poly. i'll have to figure something out uwu"
"my blender just crashed from trying to render this scene lol
might as well just turn the volumetric off and do it later in post. will post some updates! cycles' volumetric is nowhere near octane's."
getting back at it rn. updating within 30 minutes.
kalo nyari kebersamaan jangan beli ps5 + psplus mas maen ludo di android aj
cuitan tentang mamang kesbor tadi terpaksa harus saya hapus karena tim hukum dan manajemen mamang kesbor telah menghubungi saya
"i mean i'm probably just not used to how blender works but then again, the performance is really different between these two programs."
at this point i'd be done before sahoor. might as well trying a paintover technique tonight hahaha
u know what let's try recreating that work i tried to make last night in c4d and octane
growth is usually hard and painful
i have definitely took out-of-core memory use for granted in octane T_T all this time the reason i could easily throw millions of poly in octane is due to the engine eating my system RAM as well as the VRAM.
"inb4 faq
blender 2.82
cycles render on optix 
two rtx 2070 for rendering
graswald add on for blender
models and pose from mixamo
destroyed floor texture from RDT"
i got more shit done with two extra shots coffee in one day
let's just hope it wouldn't bring the dead back to life
just had the thought that starlink is in some ways very similar to death stranding chiral network. streams of data and waves going back and forth between earth's surface and the skies above for communication?
"yall pls stop calling him out as a simp
it's actually p cool yo"
whos ready for some blockchain tonight
my mind's racing on 600mph
"film title in order:
perfect blue
the end of evangelion
bojack horseman (that's too much, man! episode)
ghost in the shell"
why are yall so stupid
and all of yous as well
i don't think any black mirror episode can top this fucking country
"holyshit this really is a flaw to auto reply bot hahaha
let's see how much DoS we can pull for this single bot"
dont @ me for ur vpn questions aint answering that shit today bye
GUYS INDIHOME BOT IS FREAKING OUT. I JUST FOUND SOMETHING FUNNY OH GOD. YOU CAN LITERALLY SAY ANYTHING AND IT'LL TELL YOU TO DM THEM YOUR CUSTOMER NUMBER.
.@IndiHome ini kalau akses situs yang di-host di amazon web services sangat lamban sampai cuma 3 hingga 5kbps. speedtest &amp; ping ke situs lain normal. sudah restart modem dan router beberapa kali. please benerin. gua ga bisa kerja. internet kagak di indonesia dan asia doang.
okay i will say this
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
oh no issa different mixx HOLYSHIT
TWO TIMES
HAHAHAHA LMFAOOOOOOO
thank you @sanholobeats #SecretSky
wholesome mo bamba is the only song i'll listen to from now on
logika matematika fixed my perception on math in senior high. 12 years i spent my life hating math cuz it's the teacher's pet subject and emotionally scarring experience at home 👌👌👌👌
i'm gonna create something and finish my work too
"booting up my pc now
thank you secretsky"
WOW THIS WAVEDASH OPENING IS GOOD
OMG NEW TUNES
LIVE PHOTOSHOP AS AN INPUT?????
ok it was something comforting FUCK my memory
i got pins and needles all over my arm
AAAAAAAAAAAAAH HAPPY HARDCORE
MIGHT AS WELL JUST CALL IT GET YOUR WORLD AT THIS POINT
OH MY GOD HE DID NOT JUST PULL GET YOUR WISH AND TELL YOUR WORLD
"THANK YOU @porterrobinson 
#SecretSky"
"OOOOOH 👀👀👀👀
i see that double output on both the physical projector and OBS source"
how did he even pull this off
WITH LANGUAGE
hahahahahahhahahah
"MAN the subtext in porter's visual is insane.

you don't really need anything to be precisely matching each other so long as they entertain the same idea"
visuals on a projector for this lockdown situation may work better than chroma key
this new 4s4ki record is my favorite thing at the moment. might recommend a track or two in my next @daijobuclub daijobu echo chamber
wow
i'm trapped in my own head
"""but what is Daijobu Echo Chamber?"" you may ask.
well bud, it's a mixtape listening session with some fresh new mixtape from @daijobuclub roster. come thru twitch 9PM tonight and chat with us &lt;3"
"created with mixamo, blender, graswald for blender, cinema4d, forester, octane, after effects, and trapcode particular."
"don't be too hard on yourself
but also remember that happiness can come from growth"
"dont involve me in your money and politic bullshit
everyone needs money
but if i can just live off of creating shit and not ca$h
i would"
"i just want to create
and i find enjoyment in creating stuff
beautiful stuff
dark stuff
unreal stuff"
one day i'll teach middle schoolers to use node to understand mathematical problems
okay please help i started seeing the resemblance between dean pelton and linus sebastian and now i can't shake it off
i miss touring
i would love to have a personal EEG device just so i can monitor my brain activity
i'm sorry if my tweets are too dark or too sad to be around. feel free to unfollow or mute my account til next month~
"Yg tadi di bus di belakang gw banci semua. SAMPAH LO SEMUA, MAHO, BANCI, ANJING. Nimpuk gw pake botol disuruh NGAKU doang TAKUT."
#np Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven
"Di bus 2, row gw ke belakang ADA BANCI NGUMPUL. Anjing sampah lu maho semua."
Piece of shit
Weh! Gw sndirian neh! @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @matias_bakmi
"""Kaskus is over posting."" ToT"
bentar lagi jalan ahh..
#np Avenged Sevenfold - Desecrate Through Reverance
GG TQ
#np Avenged Sevenfold - Clairvoyant Disease
enak ni lagu..wkwk
#np Avenged Sevenfold - Radiant Eclipse
#np A7x - M.I.A
ada yg jual batre dewa buat N-Gage ..ampe 1300 mAHour sih dewa lo bner..ckck..beli ahh
Echofon enak dipandang..
#np Avenged Sevenfold - Betrayed
gaboleh ampe kebaca orang neh...akwkakkwkkkakw
awkakwkakw
the urge to build a new rig is too strong
"gta v streaming this saturday on twitch? 
vote for my heist partner down below
tagging @sihksihk @_mardial_ @Eno_Bening"
middle and high schoolers should be allowed to bring simple calculator with them in class. imo math should really be more about logic and less about counting numbers in your head.
"wrapping up one video project and starting a new one
- - 
something really new ;)"
"i lowkey forgot how funny nichijou was
good times"
"vote for the scene to create tonight ⬇️⬇️⬇️
i'm feeling like creating both stuff but let's just do one of them tonight~"
few things*
i'm on my track to make something so cool
sum ppl really be hatin on the evil edit of shelter
"u dont tryna steal shit from me, mess my shit up, disrespect my friend, and act as if nothing happened bro fuck off"
stream yungnoodle
"it's the fireworks season in indo
if you have dogs, please take a good care of them especially when they're scared.
they have really good hearing so these fireworks might not do their hearing any good."
ada yang tau sewa spyder 5 pro daerah jakarta dan sekitarnya? buat 1-2 hari.
did your parents force you into classically learning an instrument as a kid or are you normal
so many good music came out this week
"i hate that public expectations an opinions often shape an artist way out of their shape. i think all artists should be allowed to experiment, do whatever stuff they feel right, anytime. it's never about filling out expectations from others in the first place."
"from my tiny experience in shooting music videos and TVC, time is never on the production crew's side. point is, it takes a massive amount of team effort and time to get any production going. most producers or heads would make sure their crew got paid, well-fed, and well-rested."
"some set/locations aren't available all year or all week long, this too is probably why some if not many film productions crunch a lot of their production schedule, therefore living like a maniac during production time."
"uh i mean 
film crews wake up at 3 in the morning and drive out at 4 for a shoot at 6am sharp not cuz we don't care about our health (that includes all crew) but simply cuz shooting anything that's big enough requires a fuckton amount of time."
cats too! protecc them
new video coming. and it'll be the first video i made with many AI models with. exciting times.
this is why i learn about AI implementation in creative world everyday
thank you @safenetvoice
"my name is izzy and i'm here to say
free internet should be a right for all"
hello
our world is falling apart cuz maybe it's time for a new one
going through a pandemic sucks yet i stay inside cuz i don't want to die or kill others
"smh i have followed and filled my timeline with more artists, cosplayers, and less of indotwitter or news account and yet it is still quite depressing to be around here"
tl;dr indo and US timeline are currently in a state what i would consider toxic and that's why i can't spend too much time on twitter lately.
"ok tbh i haven't been on twitter lately just from how bad the indo and US timeline are - i'm all in for the protest against police brutality, but everything else around it (and all the other news too) esp with how most masyarakat are reacting online are not helping me."
"WM WM KIRAIN APAAN TAUNYA WATERMARK
ANJING LAH LO PADA MALES NGETIK APA MALES IDUP SI"
ughhhh fuck should i play beatsaber in 2021? probably not
"my reality was falling apart, and i realize i was in a dream. i woke up with a sense of horror and disappointment. sorry for the ending 🤷🏻"
and then i try and try to look for clues and ways to get out on my phone as i try to hide in the motel. that's when i saw a forum post by my real life friend's dad about how 1st generation ryzen is still good to this day. which is weird cuz i feel like he'd be an intel guy.
"when i came in, there's this girl in her 20s - half naked and is screaming at someone behind the door i just walked into. i could see headlights coming thru the window and biased by the droplets in the window. i ran into the motel."
"i tried to run away from the school premises only to realize that the road around the school are not pedestrian friendly and there's no way i can get far from it by walking. but hey, it's in the mountains, it's raining hard at dusk, and there's a motel."
so i ran away.
he tried to go out before i realized that he was almost locking the door behind me. and i hold the door saying shit like don't do this to me but he was like scared shitless cuz apparently he is there sent by the teachers (and the cult) to do whatever they told him to do.
somehow i felt brave in this nightmare and decided to roam around the mansion to look for clues. my friend who was staying with me told me that the water is ready - weird. but apparently he prepared the tub with warm water for me. i walked in and all of a sudden
the kind of people in the paintings looks like it came from an old day. lots of old white men in the paintings. it was still raining outside and the vibe is overall creepy because howbthe fuck is this a school living quarters??
"i rushed home, only to realize that it's too late to do so. it's too dark now. so one of the teacher offered me and my one classmate to stay at the school's living quarters. the place is not humble at all. high ceilings, fancy furnitures and design, and paintings of people."
"(yes, for some reason nearly all the teachers in this story are woman. probably due to my experience in school back then.)"
"one of the teacher barged in with three students that i know irl, and these students as well as my classmate who were fixing the clock are greeting the teacher. so i did too, to avoid any suspicion from her."
"i took care of the cluttered paper in the teachers desk while peeping on some of the documents and FUCK cuz they really are pushing their cult teachings in the actual curriculum and exams. and somehow, i got the feeling that the cult is watching me from afar."
"back in the school, this day i happened to be packing up kinda late. though my classmates are going home, i stayed to gain intel on the teachers while pretending to help cleaning up the classroom. for some reason they use pendulum clock &amp; one of my classmates is fixing it."
"and btw, the whole time i was in this nightmare, it was ALWAYS raining hard. the kind of hard rain you'd only get when you're in a tropical mountains or the ones you see in L4D campaign Hard Rain. it feels kinda blue and teal. always foggy. almost like silent hill."
"few days later, i had realized that the school might not know about some of their teachers being involved in this pedo cult, and i've got a confirmation in some ways that only a handful of teachers are corrupted. although they happen to be the most powerful/influential ones."
that day i puked really hard and know that the poison is in me so i gotta be careful. one of my friends saw me and he said it's okay so he helped me clean up in the restroom before one of the teachers take notice. however i start suspecting him of being a spy to the teachers.
"basically the cult uses a remotely-triggered poison that can be used at any moment. they'd use it to control their members due to the poison only admitted to half of them and the family of the cult members. however, i happened to be poisoned by them."
and one morning where i was late to school due to being stuck in a rain and crashed my bike in the flash flood. i eventually got to school but one of the teacher sort of warned me that they know that i know about their cult.
TW: minor abuse / i had a nightmare of being in a school where the teachers were my old elementary teachers but they're corrupted by some pedophilic cult and fhey are actively teaching kids in that school that such thing is normal.
Nah ktawan lu pake hape cina..
Ini orng kyak anak sd loh bner..Maen minesweeper aj kgak ngitung..
Rasis RT @IkbenMike: iklan2 sabun dan kosmetik mendoktrin masyarakat bahwa kulit putih itu lebih cantik
"Mnurut gw forum yg design layout & warnanya norak adlh detik -,- kebanyakan iklan pula"
Hari ini cs yok! @aldodp @kqueency @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf
Pulang ngehack psp ahh..Wkekeke..
Bosan
Ini orang kompie buat inet gratis ama dy cuman bwt solitaire..Wkakak..
"Gile nyervis mobil ampe jam 2 -.- gw cuma bwa hp doang lgi --"""
Gw baru nyadar disini sepi soalnya pada solat jumat
clairvoyant disease enak bgt!!!!!!!
#np Avenged Sevenfold - Clairvoyant Disease
Baru ingt..Wkekeke..Happy bday @lckk ..Panjang *ehm* umur..
Yg bsok bolos siapa??
LAST OF US PART II FOR TWITCH STREAMING
sometimes i would look at old old classmates' profile online and wonder what went wrong with me lol
percuma sekolah pinter-pinter begitu dikasih panggung jadi tolol.
katro bgt dah
ini bisa bisanya ada ilmuwan star syndrome nya jelek bet jelek yailah
not putting this on ig cuz i don't feel comfortable having people to know that i'm building a new rig so soon. too many copycats in that platform :p call me elitist whatever idfc
"3. now that it's out there, i gotta work my ass off both physically and mentally by working out and working. here's hoping that i can build that new rig next month!"
"u know what i should probably save up for my rig instead.
(yes i'm building a new rig)"
i jus need my $$$ for my pc and i can shut up about everything
tolong di-tag atau dikirim ke orangnya ya kalo kenal. insta dia gua block. ga sudi di-follow dia.
"udah dari malem liat videonya ampe sekarang belum ditakedown padahal udah banyak yg kasih komentar secara public, fix lo manjat dari konflik dan diskusi yg semestinya nggak perlu didebatin lagi. makan tai."
"kalo sampe gua harus jelasin lagi kenapa masalah nanya agama itu big deal buat minoritas, keterlaluan bro. itu mata sama telinga disemen apa gimana? entah lo bebal atau tolol aja sih."
"tuh pake bahasa indonesia ye, gausah alesan gua ngomong bs inggris mulu 💩"
"kalo lo masih kebiasaan nanyain orang mau temen atau stranger agamanya apa, keluar aja cuy gua ga butuh orang kayak lo. temen2 lo juga."
masalah nanya agama berujung krisis kelas soalnya yg nanya nanya agama melulu emg biasanya kurs aja si
chill stream tonight? i'm thinking geoguessr 🤔🤔
SIAPA JUGA BELANJA GRAPHIC CARD DI SHOPEE
never trust seller who called GPU as VGA
definitely getting a 1TB version of PS5
"i think it's worth the try to win this. please stay inside if you can. and if you can't, please keep your distance, always wear masks, and wash your hands often. hell, take a full shower too when you come home."
"i mean, on a more pessimistic point of view, the world has never really beaten any pandemic so far, historically. if we can get through this one, it will probably be a major win for humanity."
crazy how i don't need to install drivers or check for compatibility with Steam Big Picture running on Windows 10. PC gaming is good.
"alright, gimme 30 minutes to prepare my stream and i'll see yall on twitch in a bit. let's see if we can enjoy geoguessr together 🤪"
im serious
i need a big fucking break like 1 year idk
like i wanna make something but i don't feel i can
im feeling creatively restless
jesus go fuck yourselves boomers
nasi pake garem jam segini enak sih
kadang gua bingung kenapa si gua stres melulu kek jarang bgt hepinya
pala w mo pecah bgst
"the thing is, there can be as many block list as anyone wants out there. so it should work beyond language, culture, circle, or scene, whatever."
"this idea seems wild and very much prone for abuse. thus, i don't think anyone should make this into reality."
"same thing with the flagging process, unless a 50% +1 vote is acquired, an account on review won't be flagged into the block list. there shouldn't be a limit on how many people can be in the followers group."
"followers account will block anyone in the block list automatically.
-
if a new account is to join the board group, voting by the current members of the board group is required. this'll make sure that abuse will less likely to happen."
"two groups required to run this. 
1 group will be the ""board"", the other will be ""followers"".
-
board accounts will be able to collectively flag problematic twitter accounts. if the majority wins, the flagged account will be distributed to a block list."
"here's an idea:
limited crowdsourced block list that works automatically."
"(im still losing weight albeit at a slower pace)
💪😢"
"aight here's a little update
specs plan reveal:
Ryzen 9 3900x
Noctua NH-U12A
32GB dual channel DDR4
Asus ROG Strix X570-F 
RTX 2070 Super
RTX 2070
WD Black NVME M.2 500GB (system)
WD Black HDD 1TB (storage)
ADATA 120GB SSD (cache)
bequiet Dark Power 11 Pro @ 850W"
im so hungry and the desire to eat indomie goreng at this hour is so strong
new rig here we go
rush week here we go
or at least wear a mask goddamn
"LIKE GO HOME, DO UR WORK WITH THOSE SOPHISTICATED SAMSUNG SMARTPHONE U HAVE, OR D*E IDK IDC"
WHY ARE THESE OM OM TAMBANG STILL HANGING OUT IN A TINY CAFE
i accidentally looked at the mirror in my dream and it was definitely delayed. was spooked for the rest of my dream.
Metalcore fix your mood
YG PAKE FASTNET RT!!
#np SLIPKNOT - ALL HOPE IS GONE
pecil
ngapdet 9 duragons....wkekekekekke.. @aezn2490 uda bisa nih mir
"""When life leaves us blind, love keeps us kind."" - The Messenger, Linkin Park #np"
Gw pngen bkin film : Mengejar ISO 2000 #kaskus :hammer @aldodp @michaelphoenix
"Kamar 6 ""sandi?"" kenny ""****"" kmr 6 ""gakenal!"" wkwkwk @aldodp @michaelphoenix @vandeGraaf @tino"
cystg
Move your ass!
might do a dual-PC setup for cyberpunk streaming. i don't think 1 PC can handle it lol.
"lemme start; personally i use pandemic more because idk man there's a lot of stuff going on out there - beyond the rona itself. sure the virus is THE RONA, but the whole shit going down in the world is str8 up a pandemic. this is historically significant."
"very interesting response so far. if you have the time and would like to elaborate why you tend to use one term more than the others, please do! it's just a fun lil convo i guess. i wanna be better in understanding how people think."
"without judging, i find an odd pattern of older generation tend to use ""covid"" or ""covid sembilan belas"" more often than mlnls or genzs. this is based on my own experience so it might be different out there. one of the reason i started this vote."
"i wanna see how people around here call the virus
shoot your response with how you call this situation 👇"
"after consideration from ur replies, availability in the market, price range, software, and aftermarket support - i'm settling down on Logitech G Pro X. thanks everyone!"
"give me your TKL keyboard recommendation! i've considered logitech g pro and vortexseries vx87, but i could use some input too"
just reached a milestone. will start buying parts when i reached sub-70kg. bought the motherboard the other day cuz it was final stock in all stores. not planning to get the new B550 or gen 4 ryzen.
the mood for tonight is reading glitch in the matrix subreddit with yung lean in the background
muting this tweet now. i've only finished season 1 cuz i just found a good vpn service to binge the show. 2 seasons to go and boy this is getting exciting. please don't spoil others in this thread!
another geoguessr stream tonight? who's down
"i know i'm kinda late but if you're not watching dark, you're missing out so much"
thank you @_mardial_
yakitori di rumah enak si
i'm positive about trying blender and unreal again once i got this rig built. unreal seems very promising btw 🤔🤔
anjing emang negara
"heh mas agus dengerin ye
mentang mentang eksklusif di perumahan orang bukan berarti bisa seenak perut ngasih layanan ye
kompetitor masuk komplek gua langsung ganti sih"
"i know yall are prolly tired of hearing this, but please restart your router and clean the cache in your phone/browser."
yall can eat shit
good morning except those who trade property and jack up the price sky high
"new music videos
this week
and
next week"
"these tight airspaces may contribute to air traffic congestion especially on bigger hubs like shanghai, beijing, or guangzhou."
"from my experience traveling around china by plane, their domestic flights do get delayed very often. sometimes it's not a significant delay, but still got delayed too often nonetheless."
"i mean i tried installing it in my old pixel and when it asked for permissions beyond camera and microphone, i immediately uninstalled the app and went back browsing tiktok compilations on youtube."
"be safe yall. never give any app more permission than it should've. never even gave my BCA the phone contact permission, gave it camera permission when they added qr scanning to the app. only give navigation apps permission to use GPS data when you use the app, not all the time."
i really wasn't surprised when i heard the news that tiktok runs a ton of spyware and backdoors for the chinese company/govt to spy millions of its user.
20 days later and i'm now less than 1kg away from my target. getting close to getting this goal done but i will probably keep on doing this cuz i don't wanna lose the streak on my nike app
"look up your city's UMR and start from there. remember: even as an intern, you are not exempt from paying for transport, food, and other personal expenses just like any full-time workers do. you have the right to receive (at least) UMR payment for your time."
"yall can fight n talk shit bout what's gonna happen but few things in mind: 1. the press release from telkom is out there, 2. kemdikbud and tvri worked w netflix to provide content during lockdown, 3. idgaf abt ur opinion on this thing, imma just lean back and watch shit all day."
not every entertainment an adult consumes is sexual. stop making it sound like a perverse behavior to go to a cinema (or streaming a movie) with R rating.
"ok lemme get this out here:
the word ""Dewasa"" have gotten a fuckton amount of bad rep in bahasa indonesia due to its pornography/adult entertainment undertone.
normalize using the word ""Dewasa"" in content rating cuz hell, we adults need entertainment for ourselves too."
"fuck it let's do a live meme review
reply with with ANYTHING from your meme folder or whatever. see yall tonight."
"nice. 

also, expect a build stream."
akhirnya investasi tv 4K HDR kepake juga. terimakasih saya ucapkan kepada segenap jajaran pihak netflix dan telkom yg bekerja sama supaya konsumen manja macem gua bisa ngeliat keriput di kulit aktor di layar 👌
ada yang tau jasa kalibrasi display monitor di daerah jaksel/tangsel? atau sewa spyder di daerah jakarta?
"holyshit xcx, kkb, ag cook, injury reserve, fob, tommy cash???"
bro this 100gecs remix album has everyone on it
MEME REVIEW LIVESTREAM 9:30 JAKARTA TIME. LETS GOOOOO
so the rgb strip came earlier today but one of the led died and drives the rest of the array crazy. waiting for a replacement to be delivered.
"i still have to finish some cosmetic upgrade, but she's up and running just fine now! all hardware nominal 👌"
M.2 DRIVE JUST ARRIVED. IT'S NOT EVEN DARK YET. STREAMING SOON. STAY TUNED.
new blender update finally supports openvdb. we'll see in a few months if i still need to go back to c4d.
oh no github's down
"second display is out for shipping!! i now finally have a dedicated sRGB display :"")"
sometimes i feel like i could tell whether someone's using illustrator or photoshop
Memberanikan diri mencet CTRL+W
#np The All-American Rejects - It Ends Tonight
A7X - CLAIRVOYANT DISEASE || *jleb* *nancep*
hari selasa psp balik langsung gw hack biar jadi extend desktop gw..wkwkwk
"kalo ngadu metal, A7X yg jaman self-titled kesini gada apa apanya dibandingin 7X jaman waking the fallen kebelakang & slipknot dah.."
harum scarum setara slipknot tapi beda generasi
Harum Scarum - Bad Habits
bangga jadi gw. :hammer:
"""IGO detected."""
"""All i've got is insane"""
harmonic + killswitchnya gila bner
"""I push my fingers into my eyes, is the only thing that slowly stops the ache."" - SLIPKNOT, DUALITY #np"
A7x - Harum Scarum - Slipknot - Disturbed - Fade2Black
"if ur still young &amp; hasn't figured all this stuff out, that's alright. but if u do consider having children in the future &amp; putting your hopes to get rich off of your children's achievement, don't. they're not even born yet and ur already putting the asian parents pressure."
"so far, i never thought about having children. let alone when i couldn't succeed and support my own self financially. why on earth would i want to do that? it just doesn't make sense. having kids will NOT solve all your problems let alone mobilizing YOU vertically."
"congratulations to @wordfangs for closing this chapter with a bang. 🥳🌏💥🧨
thanks to @ANGGRAINIMELINA and @phantomkillah97 for the really fun shoot, and the rly cool text graphics."
the bassline in this song should be illegal
br0 what is up with these ubisoft fanboys
spoiler=block no excuses
jonas kahnwald anak UI
"i never remember simple odd additions like 7+6, 8+5, etc."
set the quality to 720p60 for best experience 👌✨
bintaro lama lama jadi venice
pemerintah kontrol
yg nyuruh gua beli threadripper pro sama 3900XT coba beli sendiri dulu aja
i saw a very tolerable small dip of 100MHz whenever temps got a little over 70. it's nice that it throttles way before it hits critical temp unlike intel chips.
niat ngetik turbosquid dot com tau tau yg diketik tokopedia dot com udah nggak sehat ni
how funny would it be if i slowly moves into blender because the plugins are so much better than their c4d counterpart? 🤔🤔🤔
"i'm not saying schools are bad and you shouldn't bail on it. but if you're still in school, please try to learn something out of your schooling. never let school interfere with your education. the study&gt;exam&gt;graduation cycle doesn't mean shit once you're out there."
"i learned so much more about working, living, and being a decent person in a society within the first 3 years after dropping out of college compared to my 12 years schooling."
"kurang privilege apa sih lu lagi pandemi global begini bisa cari uang di rumah, aman, nyaman. liburan, makan2, dan rekreasi tahan dulu aja nggak bisa apa gmn sih? self control lo di mana? lo bocah 5 tahun apa orang dewasa? tolol."
terutama untuk orang-orang yg sebenernya bisa kerja dari rumah. nggak terpaksa harus cari rejeki di luar rumah. tolong dong jangan keluar buat rekreasi dulu. jangan meeting di luar kalo sebenernya bisa online aja. nggak usah traveling atau liburan. plis.
"udah
dibilangin
nggak percaya
ngeyel, ndablek
lebih percaya konspirasi
daripada data &amp; angka
terserah lo pada lah
gua ongkang2
di rumah aja 
nunggu
gofood"
cc @kevinchoc masih nerima livestream diskusi nggak bang i baru beres
ik the previous tweet might sound like a brag but my recent build ain't even close to these guys with network render AT HOME. would i build one if i'm able to? absolutely. would i be able to make one anytime soon? probably not.
"(maybe an) unpopular opinion: ""pc gaming sultan"" ain't got shit to those fulltime freelance motion designers build"
"we're talking bout the netflix series DARK. not some sort of ""dark jokes"" bs"
i had a nightmare where jakarta got a missile strike and military invasion.
"if anyone ever asked me about some youtuber/influencer bullshit that went down in the past week or month, i would have NO FUCKING IDEA about what's going on LOL"
"don't get excited too easily
don't get impressed too easily
if something felt too good to be true
then it probably is"
i'm tired of covering everyone's ass
cpe g si w kl krja ma org kekny g prnh bner lol
i should probably start putting my own things on @SuperRare_co from now on
i'd love to see how far i can push cycles engine with optix support in comparison to octane with rtx. as well as practical functionality in blender vs c4d.
"u know what, i'm gonna take the jump and learn to work (and optimize) blender + quixel workflow for the next month. will post progress both here on twitter and instagram."
seru tuh keknya
ini kl artist rrame2 ngancel ini act satu ntap uga y
fuck this shit fuck everything i ever made and definitely fuck everything i will ever make in the future. please lord bless us in the time of our past our present our future and ever.
wishing someone would take this misery away
yall have successfully made me hate the thing i love to do
"saatnya beristirahat sejenak..
Setelah seharian maen zombie cs zombie cs zombie cod cs zombie cs kaskus twitter kaskus cs kaskus. Capek tau."
"""Jealousy's an ugly word, but you don't seem to care"" - A7X, Burn It Down #np"
Ngga berasa kompi gw nyala udah 12 jam :39 menit :13 detik
eh BESOK SEKOLAH BAWA APA || yg tau RT dng. Thx.
GunGame w/ @aldodp @rayfranklind || mao ikutan? @kqueency @michaelphoenix
black ops gila bagus banget
"gw selalu dmen Zombie FPS.. ZombiePlague, Nacht der Toten, Biohazard (yg ini rada gasuka), tapi left 4 dead malah belon maen..wkekeke"
lohan lu ye? congrats gan. RT @Steven_1596: Aduh bsk naek podium yg kasi piala menteri kelautan dan perikanan lg :(
i'm pretty sure i crashed my blender just now
tolong ya para klien kalo mau preview warna jangan pake hape android uncalibrated ato monitor dokumen yg sepaket sama pc word processing ya ntar protes warna begini warna begono padahal warna w udah bener monitor w paling bener biarin dikatain fasis monitor
"- monitor polytron &amp; toshiba
- mousepad gratisan dari toko pas beli cd adobe photoshop 7
- mouse gratis dari sign up akun shhopee"
🤞🤞going to prep myself for a handful of personal projects next month. self-care is the best care. and i care for myself by letting my own self create whatever the fuck i wanna make.
what is this curse
W hhHhHHH YyYyyyy yY
FU C  K      TH I.  S
W H Y
w h y
why
"in conclusion: blender works perfectly for modeling, UV transform &amp; unwrap, vertex painting, simulation, and real-time previz. i will def stick to c4d for lighting, finishing, and rendering."
"so this scene crushed my rig very well. apparently i got a HUGE optimization issue with blender displace modifier XD
deleted that problematic mesh and now everything renders buttery smooth in c4d+octane. will share some screenshots as i go. new insights for me!"
"i forgot to show graswald🤪
it's probably way over 10 mil with all the grass."
welp let's jump into c4d and see if this scene will load
honestly this song feels more like farewell music more than any other lp songs. rip chester.
"mathematically speaking, if the entire universe is actually infinite- there's definitely a world out there where i conducted a quantum suicide, failed and died in that world, but managed to live in this parallel universe we're living in where i'm alive."
"for all i care, i could be as old as a dying star or as young as a space dust being launched at the speed of light from a wormhole"
no one can prove that our entire reality was not generated 5 seconds / 5 minutes / 5 days / 5 years ago with all of our memories and collective knowledge generated as well
i wonder how many lifetimes i went through before this exact moment in the cosmic clock
fascinating.
"blockchain might not get that big right now or soon, but definitely later. this concept will do wonders in our world like the internet 30 years ago."
mindblow*
man i remember my days when i first discovered animator expo and the way online gallery works. it was a mindblown and still is to this day.
oliver tree won the album artwork of this summer
the crazy part is that most information out there is free. but blatant disinformation is coming at the people at an alarming rate. it's hard to navigate and filter information in an ocean of noise.
they'd probably lose their mind if they know google and facebook can predict their behavior very efficiently.
they'd probably lose their mind if they have to scan their iris profile.
they'd probably lose their mind if they're being scanned with thermal camera.
the fact that some people are actually scared of thermal gun is insane. they'd probably lose their mind if they have to go through millimeter wave scanner.
pusing ngurusin internet sampe lupa bikin air dingin
EAT SHIT AND DIE
FUCKING DIE AND ROT IN HELL WITH YOUR MONEY AND CLOUT
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
"i'v epulled so many plugs
i've burn3ed so many bri1dges
it wouldddD b so easy to do another one"
👋👋👋
guess imma do so in a bit
ive said im done so many times but ihave nt quite really pull the plug
these people dont even care
people closest to me are always the one dealing w my shitty self during these times
im so fucking done with these people
i need a fucking break
my heart rate spikes everytime i have to do this one specific thing
i would tell a motion design joke but the tweet is still caching and it'd probably take 100GB of your hard drive.
37000 airports bro
"i cant relate to any psx ps2 and ps3 exclusives cuz i never had these consoles

ever thought about using emulation and stuff but i got too lazy and too unmotivated to even try em i got to a point hwere i skipped a whole fucking era during my childhood no i aint going back thanks"
im sorry guys i cant relate to the whole suikoden and eiyuden 😢😢😢
cosmic horror is probably the best kind of horror
.@TwitterDev please bring back haptic feedback on iOS. i love it when i liked a tweet and i can feel the feedback.
sidenote: my lil bro cry his ass out and my parents got him a PSP lol
"little did they know that pc games are probably a lot worse than their console counterparts in terms of bikin kecanduan and shit. don't even get me to ngumpulin duit jajan buat beli skin PB. 

well at least i got to understand how to fix and build PCs kthxbye"
"so if there's any games i can remember from my childhood, it'd be age of empires ii, og call of duty, cs 1.6, dota 2. that was probably it. it's all pc games cuz my parents would never allow a standalone videogame console at home cuz they're christian AS FUCK"
"might as well put a glimpse of my childhood while we're at it, yeah?

i grew up fixing past-gen computers from my parent's office to have it as my home computer. i had probably 2 or 3 systems before finally afford &amp; build an i5 system for myself in 9th grade."
"i'm glad about how the scene turned out, about how the grass and moss look so far (plenty of room for improvements, but this is new compared to my usual stuff), and as always - rendering an animation is always 100x more fun than still frames. i'll see u in the next one."
"from the technical aspect, i want to learn hard-surface modeling and building scenes in Blender while still using Octane in C4D to light and render the scene. i have my own reasons on why i'm not using Eevee, Cycles, or Octane Blender."
"i want to start a new short animation series that i will make whenever i have the time and the energy to make one. in this new series, i want to make stuff revolving on my favorite show, Evangelion."
i mean worse case scenario would be putting my campaign in kickstarter but it'd make no sense if there's a similar platform that can offer pretty much what i need in indo. i'm still on the fence about using kitabisa for personal project.
"i know saweria, karyakarsa, and trakteer exist but none of em has tier features as of now so it'd be hard to track who donated how much and therefore making it hard to distribute the rewards if it even works."
so is there like a crowdfunding service in indonesia that works like kickstarter? i know kitabisa exist but looking at the causes i honestly don't want to bring to much attention to my personal project among humanitarian causes :(
i gave up trying to learn paint over today
"and using them in an academic environment. seriously, a lot of anime is more superior in cinematography compared to some box office movies."
normalize using anime as a cinematography and storytelling reference.
don't reinvent the wheel. stand on the shoulders of the giant and leap forward. goodnight✨🌙
"5. textures are mostly image texture with a reasonable amount of mixing and tweaking in octane. 
6. music &amp; sfx are royalty-free from youtube.
7. i do pretty much everything from layout, composition, camera animation, post fx, color correction, to audio mixing."
"some tech faq:
1. scene modeled in blender, few resources from quixel megascans are used.
2. vegetation made with graswald pro addon in blender.
3. everything is lit, textured, and rendered in octane.
4. motion capture data and soldier model provided by mixamo."
BRB CS
Yg dia pake cuman Dual Elites sama PISO sodara sodara!! (tapi abis itu pake SonicBoom terus..wkwk)
orangnya MACHINIMA ngasih tutorial BlackOps sambil maen. Dewa banget. asli. itu sambil ngejelasin + levelnya hardened.
*jleb*
CHAPTER FOUR
MSN gw sepi banget. Yg daritadi berisik adek gw di YM manggil manggil mulu. Lagi nnton BlackOps di youtube jadi gaseru.
woyy!! flash drive gw 2gb raib entah kemana. siake. giliran mau dipake serius ngilang.
"yg mao maen CS,, RT gw."
"""It's sorrow that feed your lies..!"""
damn this was 2017
i might as well start my next one-man project today 💎
terima kasih kepada kerabat yang sudah bergabung dalam stream hari ini sampai jumpa di lain kesempatan hanya di radio sk 93.2fm jakarta
"2 HOURS UNTIL THE STREAM
SEND YOUR MEMES"
istg deddy's thumbnail is slowly turning to a deep fried picture soon
i'm on 2.83 LTS and i'm glad that this stable version with long term support is finally out. plenty of the bugs and features are now all straightened out. solid build for production.
"i got the impression that blender tailors more to artistic direction more than versatility and flexibility that c4d has to offer. switching from c4d, blender feels like what photoshop is to illustrator.

i finally feel comfortable and enjoying my time in blender today."
i won't guarantee that i will change my way of tweeting after the vote but we'll see
"alright since i know that most of my audience came from indonesia, i would like to know whether you prefer my tweet in english or indonesian 

(this applies to those who doesn't speak indonesian too, so pls vote if you'd like)"
"gonna continue my scene in blender today. might do a stream with it. 

are you down for a blender stream today?"
"this is why i NEVER go out except for getting groceries on a weekday, walking my dog to a park on a weekday, or getting a drive thru meal. FUCK."
but it's kinda annoying cuz it is a technical problem that requires no creative effort to optimize. your 1080p video could be mastered to be 100x better than an undone 4K footage.
i hate it when i unknowingly nitpick compression quality over the substance of a video
the best way to imitate your hero is to find their roots and sources. find your creative ancestors. good morning.
"i finished optimizing my scene. i tried lowering the HDRI res to 4K but i hate how it looked, so i went back with the 8K. however, i optimized some textures that doesn't require RGB channels to be loaded as non-color. saving me precious VRAM space."
calm ur open source tits bro
"this whole country is a shitshow 
anyway imma prepare my stream see yall in 1 hour"
.@SuperRare_co is there a limit to how big and how long a video file can be to be listed in SR?💎
blender project from view uv unwrap is the best thing that ever happened
"i'd put a bold formatting on the word ""human rights"" if i could"
fuck 2020 big time
might gonna cop e-cycles and drop octane altogether in the upcoming months. we'll see.
BLENDERMARKET SUMMER SALE RIGHT NOW
"currently finishing a bunch of other works, but tonight i'll continue building textures to finish off this scene. and maybe, maybe i'd have time to animate a bunch. will post updates!"
both scenes have finished color grading &amp; editing. all that is left is sound design. can't wait to publish this video!!!!
"sometimes i wonder–if that sorta thing ever happen again, which one would u prefer to learn about?"
man that one time i gave a small class in an actual campus earlier this year was fun eh
i'm glad i did it and i don't regret it ok whatever ignore me i'm low on blood sugar and is a little high be on your way now go
"listening to a podcast by old friends feels weird bro
they b talking bout their pov in life and it is interesting to hear their thoughts and BOY do i now know why i made some big decisions in life after them"
not giving fuck is my new energy hello you're welcome
this tokenized video piece is available for bidding on @SuperRare_co starting now. what an exciting time to be alive. being able to retain rights to my own piece permanently (and transfer it with transparent record) thanks to blockchain and smart contracts.
"i've got Unreal P.T. but i'm too much of a wimp
anyway i know i should probably stream it but would anyone be down?"
yo 1990 is 30 years ago wtf
it's not scaling well in indo vs in the US.
y-yeah don't just go around and saying shit like defund the p0lr1 here in indo maam this ain't it
"so far: 23.7k views on twitter, 24k likes and 84k reach on instagram🔥"
"being my first-ever #CryptoArt piece (and making it in such a weird point in my life), this piece will always be special to me either way. thank you so so much for all the supports from internet friends and IRL friends. godspeed. 

--izzy"
thanks for the wishes but no today isn't my birthday and 1990 is not my birth year
"or i could just play fall guys with friends
@sihksihk when should we do the stream?"
Otm Golden Compass
Gw opp. CeeSI mulai!
sayatidakinginmengerjakanringkasanmat...
"Hayo jgan pada lupa kta surti lohh...""NTAR JAM 9 KITA DOA SAMA""...HAYO NANTI SUSTER SMS"" wakkakak... :D"
Mendengarkan lagu2 A7X dari 2 hari yg lalu..takada yg lain.... *gela bahasa gw...*
Sneng bgd ni hari..taw knape... \o/
:D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D   :D
Nykp n adek gw ngajak k cibubur junction...untung bsok cuma ul. Agama + pr ringkasan mat (only gw) ...
"Abis ktmu bu dian, wadoh! Disuruh bkin ringkasan BESOK diminta! Aaaarrrggh...!"
Aah..surti..
"Ngetawain KEVIN B. bareng Aemir, tanady, jere...PALALUGEDE!"
"""Can't help but think all the times I've had with you, pictures and some memories will have to help me through...oh yeah..."""
"Buka twitter cuma bkin gw nginget dy, nyixa gwa..mending off.."
Listening to SLIPKNOT songs
"#sedangtidakmood nonton tipi, dnger lgu slow, maen sulap, bljar, ngobrol, coli, maen gitar..adek gw malah nyanyi sang mantan..fuck la.."
THE LIMITS OF DEAD
"""All hope is gone !"" - Slipknot"
"""Lebih metal lebih baik"""
mandi malem lebih enak
"""Design GRAFIS bukan design GRATIS"" - @masova || @michaelphoenix"
"""You can't change the past"" - Mac Taylor, #CSINY"
abis ini mandi ahh
"""When life leaves us blind, love keeps us kind."" - The Messenger, Linkin Park #np"
[F04R] @rayfranklind
alrighty i accepted ser9io's bid of 4.95 ether but of course tx is taking forever. will update later when it became official!
ah fuck my n00b ass holon i'll get this sorted and accept the bid real soon lol
holup i got stuck with the gas price lol
AND HERE WE ARE
"3 MINUTES
fuck i'm excited"
SURPRISE JUGA TERNYATA INI INTERNET LEMOTNYA DARI ISP. SEMOGA BERUNTUNG DI HARI LAIN BRO. SELAMAT MALAM KITA KETEMU DI ILC YG AKAN DATANG.
"if curiousnfts won this piece, it'll be my #1 piece they have in their collection. along with SuperRare #1 token."
"i've got something to be announced later this month
exciting times"
smells like rain
see yall in 5 hours
i'd love to talk about my experience with blockchain &amp; cryptocurrency but i'm fairly new so i'll keep it for the upcoming months and years 💩
judul list nya pake bahasa inggris juga lah gimana
"each films in order: birdman, inception, hereditary, 2001: a space odyssey"
it was really cool seeing that music video on MTV when i was 10 years old. i didn't expect it to be one of the most memorable music videos i've ever seen in my entire life.
"don't let these tweets fool you
if ur fooled by em then by all means u prolly is
no hard feelings
new tokenized artwork sometime next month &lt;3"
"terima kasih, sampai jumpa di kultum minggu depan"
"duitnya kagak ada, licereli kagak ada"
sesungguhnya cryptocurrency mengajarkan bahwa rezeki hanyalah titipan semata alias cuma informasi yg bolak balik di blockchain
sometimes i have a feeling that humanity technological advancement actually stopped at some point between the 1960s and 1980s and we just haven't been able to find a breakthrough to experience another rapid advancement anytime soon.
"saw some cheaters during my fall guys games today :(
some does speedhack, some jumps infinitely
@FallGuysGame @devolverdigital"
"while all these methods of verifying a scientific paper existed, i know not everyone has the know-how to even use google properly. so the rule of thumb is to literally just background check anyone who's making the claim, see if they're legit or just ANOTHER BUSINESSMAN."
saw some new pseudo-science BS going around indonesian karens and BOY yall need to learn how to verify scientific claims
we could all use a fresh new campaign instead of more online mumbo jumbos
i'm seriously considering about receiving payments by crypto for overseas client.
new music video between next week and next year
norak bangsat
jesus yall are fucking ridiculous
"ok, after weeks of deliberation on whether i should make a class for my 3D thing -- i'm seeing a possibility where this could totally happen. although u can be anywhere in the world, the class and the interactions would be in bahasa indonesia."
bisa juga disebut malam jumat bersama izzy4KHDR
it's a reverse horror so i figured it wouldn't scare me that much
i am definitely making a john wick build. used to make one in payday 2 and boy it was a fun way to play FPS.
just saw Cyberpunk 2077 character customization and upgrades
AND NOW WE'RE BACK TO OUR SCHEDULED PROGRAMS: my tweets in english for my fellow 3D artist and professionals.
"gua seneng nonton film tarantino karena komedi gelap &amp; darahnya, gua seneng nonton film snyder karena fantasinya ancur, combatnya sadis. orang dewasa butuh hiburan bos, jangan dilupakan. nggak selamanya semua karya seni harus edukatif, nggak ada aturannya, nggak ada kewajibannya."
"mohon maap gua gatau beliau siapa, sekilas lihat profilenya juga sepertinya bukan kritik. bukan berarti opininya nggak valid ya. gua gatel aja karena yg begini-gini bikin hiburan dewasa di masyarakat jadi tabu."
"""yang berisi dan bijak kalah suara""? gua nggak ada masalah dengan depiction ini. justru penting menurut gua. ngasih liat realita kalo jadi orang baik dan punya moral kuat tuh nggak gampang. inget argumen gua di atas soal moral compass."
"""stigmatisasi sangat kental ... yang berisi dan bijak kalah suara..."" OK, dude, i have a grandma from madiun who speaks pretty much like the characters in the film. and while not all java grandma speaks and act like that, i know for a fact that these types of grandma EXISTS."
"(in red) ""materi edukatif film ini nol. nihil..."" kalo mau nyari film edukatif jangan nonton naratif fiksi, natgeo sama bbc banyak yg gratis di youtube. anda pasti punya netflix, bukan? coba itu banyak documentary yg bagus DAN MENDIDIK. nggak semua hal harus edukatif. capek."
"sisa paragraf kedua masih sama dengan argumen gua di atas: KAGA ADA YG MENANG KAGA ADA YG KALAH, TERIMA AJA."
"""terganggu bgt dengan ending film ini. penyebar hoax dan fitnah justru menang."" 
nggak ada yg menang bos menurut w. ini bukan thanos lawan kapten amerikuy."
having your moral disturbed is actually a healthy mental exercise. u learn to accept things that u can't control. u learn to see that THERE are people out there who aren't 100% bad or 100% good. this is one of the problems with 'masyarakat': they can't accept GREY state of being.
"mikir kalo si ibu yg gibah itu salah mudah, nyaman, bikin moral kompas kita seneng. sangat mudah untuk orang (dalam konteks ini penonton) buat simpati sama si ibu yg bilang jangan fitnah - ok mohon maap gua ga apal nama tokohnya. BUT that's the point - to disturb your moral."
"""tapi bg ga ngerti bhs inggris ni wkwk""
(karya) seni harusnya membuat nyaman yg terganggu dan mengganggu yg nyaman. noh. lo endepin, lo pikir. let it sink. gua nggak bilang kalo kalimat di atas absolut karena emangnya gua siapa? polisi seni, bukan. APALAGI DIYE."
"i would use Blender 2.8 with eevee and cycles. maybe a few addons but generally it will be techniques that you can pretty much apply to any software to your liking. less technical, more artistic. would you be down?"
"i just remembered, i think i saw a model x in jagakarsa few days ago."
streaming telat dikit w baru bangun
💎a thread of my minted artwork in the ethereum blockchain💎
i should probably make a thread for my tokenized artwork minted in the blockchain
i have this personal nightmare of witnessing the fall of our civilization during my lifetime. international space station falling from the orbit perfectly embodies my fear. happy 2020💀
surprise NFT drop imminent
"""please don't forget me"" - A7x, I WON'T SEE YOU TONIGHT #np"
720 posts to be ISO
20 posts to 1300
"""Everything that has a beginning, has an end."" - Matrix Revolutions"
#np LINKIN PARK - BURNING IN THE SKIES
lagu ini ngebalikin mood gw.. GG TQ!
ada TS gajebo ngajak ribut
"""Laus Deo Semper"" - Cobus Potgieter"
"di kaskus ada yg jualan AK47 (asli bukan airsoft) , RPG, sama BOM ATOM ... search di FJB aje gan @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix"
kejar postingan. masih 780
mungkinkah stealth ?
tadi kayaknya nyala kok mati lagi
oh
this friday is going to be a great bang to end my current cycle before (finally) taking a break i desperately needed.
i saw the connection came in and finished sending within 2 seconds. good to know.
anybody using Tor Browser here? i wanna test something. i promise it's nothing malicious
"call of duty is like my guilty pleasure
nowadays liking a AAA franchise can't be a good thing but honestly, cod always feels like a playable blockbuster action film."
"CAPTURED ON PS5
GET HYPEEDDDDDDD"
"my deadline music includes bring me the horizon, denny caknan, 100 gecs, and dj ojo nesu"
"reserve price at 1.55 ETH, highest bid standing for 24H wins💥"
"rcti sudah lama tidak oke
oke hanya milik bang ipul garnet dari garnet band"
TL;DR RCTI and MNC group are trying to pass live streaming (AND audio/visual content distribution) on any platform to be on the same level as traditional mass media broadcast. therefore requiring ANYONE who wants to stream and distribute content online to have a broadcast permit.
"we've been far too comfortable with the WWW in its current state. these days, we could even normalize unlawful censorship."
decentralizing information and communication without the interference of a central governing entity.
"in its most barebone form, WWW is supposed to be liberating."
"a doucheface friend of mine spoiled black ops before i finished it, and yet the game is still amazing. i'd replay it again to just get me in the mood for the new black ops."
is the term full-motion video still used these days?
disarankan kalau bisa nonton premierenya di youtube nanti malem. nanti dan besok memang bisa tapi experience nya nggak bakalan sama.
"yg tadi typo ya mohon dimaafkan
tolong jangan dipaksa ikut podcast makasi"
i should stfu and consume my daily caffeine intake &lt;3
"which means the following things are probably gonna be included:
- tik tok
- spotify (they have canvas now, if they wanna call it audio/visual distribution, they absolutely can)
- netflix
- twitch
- patreon
- karyakarsa
- apple music &amp; itunes
- goplay
- twitter &amp; periscope
- etc."
"fun fact: playing this track on spotify with the canvas turned on, you'd see that each cut will sync to the song at the rate of 110bpm."
i'm glad i didn't sell my csgo items when i stopped playing years ago
OH YOU THINK I WAS DONE?
*tagihan cloud computing intensifies*
"tonton di layar segede-gedenya dan dengan volume sekeras-kerasnya🖤

sampai jumpa di Earth-08.
--izzy fka vngnc"
"anyone down to see a carrion stream with me tonight? we're back bois, all my gig is done💩👌"
aight who's down for some casual csgo
this pandemic might as well be humanity's great filter
using pc is such a responsibility that's why i wouldn't force people into using pc
"TL;DR if u run windows 10, turn off auto defrag for your SSDs."
most modern computer builds / laptop runs on SSD or at least have 1 SSD on the system. SSDs are NOT supposed to be defragged. disk defragment was used to optimize conventional spinning hard drives.
all the more reason to shit on ubisoft i guess
haha i fucking hate blender fanboys dude no shit
"here's the thing, i love blender but this software isn't perfect but hey, this is a community built software, it's free, and there's a ton of forks out there. c4d is great. maya is good. so is 3Dsmax. my point is; use whatever's best for u. research ur thing properly."
"i can't guarantee anything, but i'll probably have something new in mind whenever i'm back."
assuming i get to ever make something as good or as big as anything he ever made
"ffkk i meant shallot, not red onion. those two look and taste hella different."
"ea,,,mancing CFW lagi -,-"
ababil
psp minta dibanting. koperatif dong woy
#np SLIPKNOT - DUALITY
"""Sweet child we'll miss you..Whoa, so far away, far away"" - Burn It Down, A7X #np"
"""Jealousy's an ugly word, but you don't seem to care"" - Burn It Down, A7X #np"
#np AVENGED SEVENFOLD - SCREAM
u.kaskus.us cepet ngedelete file. Butuh jasa hosting gambar/file? 1 bulan gw jatah 10 MB. | Payment -&gt; 1 cendol / bulan. Minat?
neurotoxin = 7x venomnya cobra
1.3k Posts !! +700 to ISO !! @aldodp @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix
"""Dengan membuka trit, anda sama saja sudah menyundulnya :D "" - coba sndiri sono di kaskus"
#np LINKIN PARK - FORGOTTEN
ea ada junker lagi
Headache
Gw perlu showforum.php?f=16
offline. thanks.
"my name is izzy and i'm here to say
epic games launcher is a pain in the ass"
gonna snatch that 3080 later this year or earlier next year to swap one of my 2070.
should i stream control tonight?
"and no, these screenshots of Control ARE NOT from FMV, cutscene, or pre-rendered frames. these are realtime graphics from the actual gameplay. FUCK I LOVE RTX."
davidbeatt mang sengaja w taro kiri jauh soalnya anggota mafia gan
i'm deeply sorry to all game devs and designers. especially the sound department. i know this game has an amazing soundtrack and sound design but it was so hard to beat that one boss i had to pull a funkot.
i'm glad i get to stay home and work from home
being at home for the longest in years brought me back to my high school days of doing experiments for fun or just because
should i play welcome to pubg mobile for the next daijobustream?🤔
i just realize how it'd be a lot safer for me to tweet indonesian jokes in bahasa indonesia during this hour. gotta make use of that timezone💀🌎
welcom to pubg mobile
"let's stream tonight at 8PM WIB.
what should we do?"
"yg masih bandel kluyuran bukan buat ngantor, kerja, atau keperluan mendesak: tolong nonton ya fak lah gua ngeliat orang sekarat napasnya gembos, dokter ganti APD tiap keluar masuk RS udah kek astronot segala macem plis jgn bandel. kalo bisa buka vimeo coba ya ditonton."
TIL that the egg/chicken problem is a supertask
daijobuclub(r) announcement tonight
"streaming telat dikit ya, gua lagi config alert saweria hehe biar cantique"
"i always thought it's a bug in my blender cuz i've tried all kinds of FBX import settings.. only to find out that Mixamo does export different kinds of FBX. i know different FBX version matters, just never thought that blender isn't robust enough to work w the wrong version."
TIL that you can find and read pixar's research paper🤯
"octane has something similar to DLSS implemented, and now i wonder if blender can do subsampling with AI-accelerated upscaling like octane has. or even DLSS 2.0 implemented in the Cycles with OptiX."
this was recent and only released back in may. years after their live performance of this cover.
or next week lol
might as well finish my portfolio site today god only knows if i'm going to deploy the server by 4am tomorrow
"if anyone tells u that money can't buy happiness, with all due respect, everyone has at least 1 materialistic ""happiness"" that can absolutely be bought by money. don't let anyone shame you for having an expensive interest that brings u happiness."
good morning to everyone except disney execs
"in conclusion: i'd absolutely use this render for something quick and dirty like previz, last-minute VJ loop rendering, uploading to twitter/ig, etc. for better details and output, i'd stick to using my fast preset although it's not near realtime like this one."
"i know i am supposed to be on break from doing anything related to blender or the usual stuffs i do, but i just have this urge to optimize my cycles preset as close to realtime rendering as possible after playing Control for a few times on RTX :("
ALSO: importing the FBX with vanilla blender 2.83 seems to work a lot better than using the e-cycles fork of blender 2.83.
"things work just fine on other communication apps like Google Meet but Discord still won't work even after moving between all asia pacific servers. Discord keeps disconnecting. and yes, i've restarted my modem many times. @IndiHome"
tf did we do on discord to deserve this fucking bullshit man get your shit together @IndiHome
isp sampah anjing
"hey @IndiHome 
you guys better take a look at your ISP-wide Discord issue. this is fucking ridiculous. i need to work from home and communicate with others through Discord. yall better fix this. unbelievable."
i'm kinda proud of what i made during my break time so far. doing things that i don't usually do is always nice cuz i get to feel not knowing about things and having to figure things out by reading a lot of stuff i barely understand.
this fucking dine-in guy is ridiculous and he knows what he's doing. if ur oomf u prolly knows exactly who i'm talking about. this guy knows how twitter drama works and is clearly riding on it to save his f&amp;b biz. just stop giving him space fuck this guy
get off my twitter too pls ugh
"FUCKING NORMIES GET OFF OF MY STREAM
RRRRR
RR
RR
R
R
EE
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E

E
E
E

E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E

E
E
EE
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E

E
E
EE
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E

E
E
EE
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E
E

E
E
E"
...maybe i should do a livestream of my next cryptoart progress once i'm back from my break🤔
i want to make a personal assistant that behaves and sounds like a spirit box
"i feel like the decision to run midroll ads should be on the hands of the streamers, not the platform."
deserve
langit tidak berpihak
"mau bikin trit lagi tapi males lah..
cape gw, sekolah nyari masalah mulu lah
remed gw pake ditambahin ┌∏┐"
Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven #np
EMF - Unbelievable #np
taeeee!!! gw DIBATA!! argh! cendol tinggal 1 neh~! :@ | @aldodp @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix
LINKIN PARK - MY DECEMBER [Hybrid Theory Japan Edition] #np
capek
getting an RTX 3080 is a much higher priority than pre-ordering a PS5 right now. fingers crossed to see any indonesian distributor importing these fresh cards.
istg if it took 15 minutes for telkom's chinese ONT to recover the connection after a small power dip i might as well get a tiny UPS just for that damned device
it's almost like nvidia know that there's no way in hell apple would not use amd GPUs so they straight up acquired the CPU makers.
"wait a minute, if nvidia acquired ARM,
does this mean the new macbooks would practically have nvidia-owned processors in it?"
"here's to keeping live music alive during this time of our lives 🌎💥
maybe next time i can build something that'll fetch audience's phone camera and use them live on stage in realtime. i'll figure something out."
big big big big shoutout to howdiy cahaya asia and pioneerdj indonesia. this show wouldn't be as cool without them 🖤
"i hate having to explain why youtube streaming is inferior to twitch but i won't be able to do this much interactivity without all that twitch API. fucking love this shit. and also, it was one hell of a live production."
"deleting this set from instagram by midnight. do what you must; steal, download, screen record, whatever you gotta do to keep a copy of my set video if you want to. otherwise soundcloud/mixcloud stream will be available anyway."
"will be uploading my daijobu∞stream set to instagram, soundcloud, and mixcloud."
```````````ohno hyperpop is going m4instr34m_ uWu
"though i no longer use OctaneRender as an artist, enabling my machine to be used as part of their network during downtime would be cool, i think."
OTOY's RNDR network is going to put conventional render farms obsolete.
never thought i would love neru's music at this time. i used to think their music is decent but never really resonated with me before.
"maybe i should add that the artwork itself will still be available for viewing on whatever platform it was first minted on, of course. 

i just thought it'd be nice for the legitimate owner of the artwork to have the piece in higher fidelity for themselves."
"i'd love to include a high-res version of my future work, accessible only to the token owner. 

and when that token is transferred to a new owner, the rights to view said high-res media will also b transferred to the new owner.

can anyone in #NFT/#Ethereum/#Cryptoart help me? 😃"
"i wonder if there's an app to store media files that'll only be accessible to a designated NFT owner.

i think someone did this some time ago when they sold an NFT, its token will enable the new owner to access a high-resolution media on another app."
i've got another new piece coming so please keep an eye out for the announcement. excited to share the next thing!
"and so both times when my phone fell to the floor (and ground), only the aluminum frame made contact during both impacts. aside from scratches and chipped aluminum, the device behaves completely normal. optical stabilizer on the camera isn't affected, and it still feels p solid."
"i know since the 1st time i got my hands on iPhone 11, the natural center of gravity is unlike anything i've had before (5s, 7, Pixel 2 XL). it feels so sturdy and solid, despite having a glass for its backside. it almost feels like the aluminum frame IS the center of gravity."
"i've been leaving my iPhone uncovered due to my case being quarantined after going out. and since last saturday, it fell TWICE. yet the tempered glass on its screen barely cracked or chipped."
"i'm honestly glad that i'm starting to pick up the pace in working with blender. not as fast as c4d+octane, but i'm getting there. can only imagine how fast my third blender animation going to be."
"it cannot be taken down because it won't break any EULA, and the music played would have multiple streams too (from me and the viewers of the stream)."
"i think i just figured out a better and native way of streaming spotify on twitch stream without getting DMCA, providing the viewers have their own spotify account as well."
time for some zzzs as it's 5 in the morning on the east side of the world here lol 😴
"signing up as an artist at @SuperRare_co, learning about decentralized internet, and getting into crypto are few of the best decisions i made this year among others."
hey whatever yall calling it at least i cook this myself
SOON! 💎
"maybe i won't get as big as those multimillion business persons. but if i get to do whatever i want, live however i want, and sell my art without a hitch, i'd be set for life i guess."
i don't feel comfortable knowing that i get to make so much and living lavishly as the owner and everyone else is living just above the poverty line.
"i mean i don't know, maybe i'll reconsider in the future. but i have always been against that way of doing business for a while now. since i quit my office job 3 years ago."
but also: this is why i don't ever think about making my own studio or running my own business or turning into a corporate entity. despite what many people have asked me. fuck that shit man. fuck that kind of business model.
"maybe i'm rambling but what i'm trying to say is: running a business with many people working under you, under your responsibility, is a huge deal and i saw it first hand how bad it can be when things go south.

i don't need to get into how i gained such information."
"if you fucked up, you and you alone will have to deal with it. if you made a bad decision, you and you alone will have to deal with it. you hired someone, the project is done, but the wire isn't here yet? maybe pay em out of your pocket for a bit."
i'm all about a business model where the only thing you're responsible for is yourself and yourself only.
what better time to experiment on food if it's not the pandemic lockdown?
Yea yea.
Liar rape kill
Knape lo? WahahahaRT @Kachgorz: Unyu bgt :3
Friction
"""You bring the thought back I'm telling you that I see it right through you"" LP, Forgotten"
You cannot kill what you did not create
Pc? Lu pkir stiap gw nylain itu pc gw ga mikirin panasnya? Tegangan fsb? Speed 3 kipas?
Gw dblg terlalu nyaman dg gadget. Gadget gw ap? Cuma n-gage sama psp.
"Keren bgt. Hobi adek gw didukung, hobi gw? Anjing lu."
Lu aja ga care
ReBOrn : [Red.Brick.Organization]
I push my fingers into my eyes
Die alone
"""Bukan yg kuat yg menang. Tapi yg menang yg kuat."""
Efek Rumah Kaca - Lagu Cinta Melulu #np
Radiant Eclipse
"""I just wanna die..!"" - I Won't See You Tonight Pt. II"
Gw milih pilihan yg ke 2
Desecrate Through Reverence
Waking the fallen
"Gw prefer PSP daripada iPod Touch,."
piece of shit. tambah ancur idup gw lah. liburan gw ancur. rusak semua.
"ibarat kalo ada pembalap masih pemula (mulai aja belom) terus misuh2 minta mobil yg paling kenceng di dunia padahal nyoba aja belom, aneh nggak menurut lo? make sense nggak? menurut lo dia bakal ada chance gak kalo mulai aja kagak mau?"
"ngikutin inflasi &amp; hardware generasi sekarang, ekuivalen nya kayak pake Core 2 Duo dan GT 930. sama sekali nggak ideal sebenernya."
kalo gua blg gua start pake Pentium 4 dual core &amp; GT 730 pas tahun 2009 pada percaya nggak?
human benchmark stream tonight?
bustin this ass off so i can save up to move out but more importantly: AMPERE GPU
playing cyberpunk on 3080 with rtx on is gonna be fire af
abis itu tapi ya ngopi lagi lanjut lagi
kadang mikir jadi seniman sebenernya ngapain si
this isn't the best time to restart again but idk if i never do it then i'll probably forget about what i think today.
"of course, there's no way i can recreate these splatter with brushes. there's no way i could recreate these dynamic drips and spills in a controlled environment."
it's like throwing balloons filled with paint to canvas and got lucky when the mess produces something that looked cool.
maybe this is why i can rarely recreate something good i made in the past
my best works are usually spontaneous in nature.
ok google how do i keep my productivity without feeling like shit and inferior
you can make null object in your AR world on the app and have it in your blender import for reference point. all the measurements and scales are normalized too. the data are clean and ready for production right off the app.
"in any case, i'm always grateful to anyone giving me insight and guidance.

terutama kang @UCxUP yg ngebukain mata gua tentang skena kesenian
👉👈"
"i'll have to be more committed to what i make and believing in my own style.
🙃
i realize my insecurity pushed me to jump between different art styles within a short period of time. leaving me with many many styles and uncertain about what i'm actually good at."
"i feel like a fetus or a newborn in this whole art scene thing. i always wanted to make art and do art for a living. be it commissioned or not.

but again i feel strongly about feeling insignificant and uncomfortable (which is a good sign! it means that i'm growing and it's ok)"
"gua sengaja nulis ini pake bahasa indonesia karena lagi nggak pengen ngajak yg dari luar indo, tapi gua kemaren kepikiran juga gimana seniman dan ilmuwan in some ways berlawanan tapi sebenernya lebih kayak mirror image. baik dari thought process &amp; interpersonal relationship."
i think i might have been generating music that sounds like radiohead in my dream
"bukannya gua nggak ngerti kerjaan seniman ngapain aja atau fungsinya dalam masyarakat apaan, tapi lebih kayak ""what the hell are we even doing here."""
not the best detail but it's good enough for what i need: background objects and whatnot
i'd love to see a radio interference included in the future updates of Phasmophobia. it'd be fun for one of my friends seeing ghosts on the CCTV monitor and not being able to radio the others inside. @KineticGame
i'm re-editing the colossal titan clip due to sync error. i'm gonna add @sihksihk's and @kevinchoc's twitch clip as well.
God's in his Heaven / All's right with the world
it may be easy to say that freelancers should just protect themselves better - but not all freelancers have the upper hand or bargaining power to do this. i personally make my terms and contract STRONG - especially when dealing with new or remote clients. always cover your ass.
"now i know, things like this have been happening on the daily. everybody knows it, and some of us may have experienced it. but to have this point legally removed, it would left the workers unprotected."
"reminder for all of us: not all 'influencers' has to be invited to the palace for you to remember them.
sometimes watching how they behave and tweet can say a lot about them👀"
social networking sites are our greatest weapon of mass communication. free for all. the wild wild web.
"be careful with what you retweet. 
especially from a certain account that you know you cannot trust. 
some things are too good to be true. 
godspeed."
thank you to both collectors for participating💎
H2H room paling ramah se-Kaskus
Kaskuser di H2H bisa ngehibur lebih baik daripada di skolah.
1500 posts. 500 posts to be ISO. @rayfranklind @aldodp @michaelphoenix
heatarche
pest in rain
"BANYAK ORANG NYEBELIN SEKARANG DI KASKUS. ADA NEWBIE IDIOT GOBLOK GATAU HORMAT,, ADA ISO BELAGU MAEN NGEBATA SEPUH GA LIAT"" !! FUCK."
nightmare on elm street .. Awkwkwkwk @astridSJB
Clairvoyant
1
Headache
San Fran Trash Can
Sedeng
Ini FW ngadat
I'll taste your blood tonight
I dont care
"Tonight, we'll dine, in hell!"
"keeping minted digital artwork scarce on the internet is going to be a challenge but it's going to be the change that i think we all need. with the instagram culture on our back, being diluted in an ocean of noise on the daily probably left us numb with all these beautiful works."
"better hardware does not guarantee you to be a better artist.
ㅤ
better hardware does not always make you work faster. 
ㅤ
better hardware allows you to have more time and headroom to experiment.
ㅤ
which may or may not lead you to be a better creator."
nevermind let's just do it some other day lol
might do a surprise stream tonight. stay tuned.
ujung2nya paling main minecraft brooooooo
i alrd pre-ordered Cyberpunk 2077 and will be streaming it when it comes out next month so yeah
"this tweet is not sponsored by nvidia but hey, i'm open for opportunities 👀 mailto:info(at)xxxxizzy(dot)xyz"
what graphically-demanding game would you like me to stream with RTX on?
"maybe it's the bass, maybe it's the synth, maybe it's the theme that sounds like sicko mode, it could also be the lyrics, or combinations of everything above."
damn looks like i gotta upgrade to 2.90 and move on from the 2.83.3 LTS so quickly 😕
i miss japan
"temen gua pas SMA yg bionya ""young, wild, and free"" sekarang lagi ngapain ya"
everything used to be so customizable and risky. one wrong click on the internet could cost you an entire weekend to reinstall your OS.
thank you for the responses. i've read all of them! very insightful 👀
"gua bukan minta rekomendasi atau pendapat kalian soal statement di atas ya. cukup jawab aja menurut lo, apa mata pencaharian gua."
"penonton youtube &amp; followers dari indonesia:
menurut kalian, apa pekerjaan gua?
ㅤ
gua penasaran karena barusan ada yg ngasitau kalo gua seharusnya bs lebih unjuk skill video editing / CG di internet ketimbang fokus livestream twitch hehe"
"old youtube subscribers and followers from indonesia: 
what do you think i do for a living?
ㅤ
i'm genuinely curious because i just had someone telling me that i could've showcased more of my video editing / CG skills on SNS instead of focusing on twitch streams😂"
"remember: these multimillion tech giants DOESN'T NEED YOU fanboying over their products. if it's good, there will always someone or some company buying it. and competition is ALWAYS GOOD for the consumers."
"panas gitu dah gua baca situasinya sibangsat
sebagai org yg beli barang elektronik/teknologi baru karena bener kepake buat kerjaan kesel bet kesel bacanya iniii"
feel better*
"so pls stop doing it 👀
you're acting like a tool"
i too have had my share of doing it in the past but i realize that ppl do these sort of things to just make themselves better. to justify their consumerist habit. it has nothing to do about the tech or the actual product.
pls stop fanboying over a certain product / tech company and talk shit about others who won't (or can't) get it.
i guess we grow mature in our quest to get UI design and productivity meeting in the middle. i wouldn't say glossy saturated design is better than flat designs and vice versa. both are era-appropriate when we all had different ways of interacting with computers.
i think a random event of flashlight turning off even when the ghost isn't haunting would be fun. imagine being separated from your friends and having ur flashlight died out in the middle of nowhere. @KineticGame
i look forward to see #NFT / #Cryptoart platform(s) help building a better scene for digital artists to be acknowledged as much as traditional artists are.
man i miss tostitos
"thank you for streaming with me tonight! 
it was a nice stream with a ton of discussions.
👾👾👾"
blender streaming tonight?
i will be sharing 1 new artwork from new series every day starting from tonight for the next 3 days. keep your eyes on this thread 👁️
"i will mint about a handful of artwork in anticipation to principia discordia, an upcoming felt zine and superrare crypto art exhibition."
rang orang goblok amat sih mending gua delete tweet dah
"signing up for @SuperRare_co back in march was probably the best decision i made this year. this has been a rough year but i think it pushed us all to move forward faster than we all expected.
🍺 here's to hoping for a better future💎"
ganti deh ah ava kaskus gw
igo bnget asli. andai gw lebih tua 3 taon aja... xp
"""********* added too many friends."" ah sial! cuman bisa ngelike doang kan."
"Parkiran708 - 1,582 Posts - 418 posts to ISO !! || @aldodp @michaelphoenix @rayfranklind"
CENDOL +1 dari id batamerah15 || @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix @aldodp
"""I never imagined my life could turn out this way So cold so black so alone"" - And All Things Will End, A7x #np"
"Bsok cendol +1 hasil ikut cepet""an follow twitternya TS..Hahaha @rayfranklind @aldodp @michaelphoenix"
The Catalyst
1 = true; 0 = false
"""You’re using an older version of Twitter that won’t be around for much longer."" WTF lah, udah jelas twitter lama lebih cepet ┌∏┐"
Almost easy
gw offline ah
gw laper
LINKIN PARK - MY DECEMBER #np
it ends tonight
every time i do anything to do with blockchain it feels like comitting to something because nothing really disappears in the blockchain
learning more about tech and computer only to realize that everything started off from a very philosophical base
i think i'm gonna stream something a little different tomorrow. stay tuned for the announcement!
"i'm sorry to say this but this honestly looks like it came out of an AI trained with 1000+ hours of last decade's disney animation. sure it's cool, but it also feels manufactured from the same mold of their animations. story and concept wise."
i honestly don't know what to feel about this new disney joint that's supposed to be repping southeast asia
tomorrow is gonna be a very interesting day for streaming. please bear with me and let's enjoy the ride together!
realizing that the human brain works in an (almost) binary nature after understanding computers are doing so for the past decade is actually mindblowing. we always thought that us - humans are superior to machines.
"and ever since i made the switch to 2.9 on blender and 2.91 on e-cycles, everything's been smooth sailing. i highly recommend E-Cycles if you like blender cycles render engine and want to work with it even faster. it's an amazing addition to an already great software. @ECycles1❤️"
"however, this issue may have been exclusive to my use of e-cycles since the @ECycles1 team have clarified to me that they did not touch/make changes to the FBX importer in blender (or anything else to that matter) except for the cycles renderer."
"🚨🚨🚨🚨
anjaymabar sponsored stream tar malem jam 19:00 WIB. skuy mari takis anjaymabar tiktok gress 2020 let's go OMEGALUL"
"If you still feel comfortable, then I'm sorry, you ain't made it yet"
life is a never ending ranked-game anyway
"always on the move 
feeling threatened round the clock
never feel safe"
this is probably the worst food poisoning case i've ever experienced
"pencernaan sungguh funky, kalo dikasih funkot bisa joget sendiri sampe pagi ini"
i gotta see steins;gate movie before the next evangelion movie is out
"linknya sengaja
yak selamat malam"
capping the server at 100 members. will shut invitation link off by user 99.
"it's a small simple server for early announcements, small discussions, and maybe some play sessions. mostly related to twitch."
i still beat myself up for how i'm not making enough artwork though i know i've made enough. and these past few days i really be feeling like my work quality is so much less than what others are able to create.
"if you voted yes, i would love to hear your thoughts or assumption. throw em down here 👇"
i have my own reasons for interacting and tweeting mostly in english than indonesian. i wonder if people can see it through. because i believe some would think that i'm simply 'so westernized.' do you think you understand why?
announcing a stream for tonight in a bit. it's gonna be a big one. maybe bigger than phasmophobia. stay tuned.
nice. keep the fire questions coming. keep the guess coming. you'd probably laugh your ass off if i tell you how. i would laugh my ass off and shit bricks if i find out about this myself. 🔥
"if you wish to know more about tensor cores, you can start from these pages below and go deeper in your reading about this matter. these things matter in my line of work. competition is necessary to keep things moving and to keep prices reasonable for all consumers."
"wahay KFC, 
mengapa kao sungguh dekat
dan terjangkau"
WWPD
ain't no millionaire watching soap at 7pm
so psyched for principia discordia opening this week
death to those relics on the parliament
special thanks to kevin abstract and his brilliant tweeting strategy
Disturbing Picture
1700 Posts | 300 posts to ISO || @aldodp @michaelphoenix @rayfranklind @adudutz
"""Design GRAFIS bukan design GRATIS."" - @masova || wkwkwk @michaelphoenix"
banyak ababil woiii...
"yg ga kuat ngeliat darah jangan coba"" ngeliat avatar gw :)"
ehhmm..testing testing..123
hidup DP!
ada bocah ababil ngepost di LOUNGE protes forum DP minta ditutup.. WTF. langsung dikirim bata tuh sama anak dp. mampus.
HAHAHAHA
"oi @aezn2490 ,, kata si @adudutz CoD MW 2 lebih rendah daripada CoD WaW.. lebih tinggi dikit dari CoD MW..gw mo nyoba.."
1600 Posts - 400 posts to ISO - @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix @aldodp
"gw sama biksu kebanyakan nyari IGO begini deh jadinya --"""
Disturbing Picture
gw jadiin desktop deh ah :D
iContact
gw ganti avatar gan..kekekeke @rayfranklind [yg di avatar gw cewe gw tuh..HAHAHA]
"yall need a patch and a major update soon to your system
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸"
"if u get both references from these two different shows, i respect you."
nelson bighetti spaghetti confetti
took me 90 minutes looking for a crazy remix that's apparently been deleted from soundcloud. the last copy is in my laptop. the song title is not helping and my mp3 copy does not have the artwork on it. 💀
i feel offended from ppl saying this was blender or that i was really good at making it look believable because this would be a very sloppy job if it were me. there's no way i'd let this be made. it's an AR filter hence the pixelated edges and very simple shadows.
"i've said this a lot off twitter but being jawa in indo is almost like being white in the US. before you get offended, i'd calmly ask you to really think about it. ""white privilege"" translates well beyond boundaries and cultures."
"all the works featured, proof of ownership, transfer/purchase history, smart contract, etc. are all recorded in Ethereum blockchain. 
-
i think this whole NFT, blockchain, and dApps things are few of the reasons why digital art market has boomed this past year.
-
exciting times🔥"
streaming in a bit! just gotta bounce a few renders off blender~
"thinking about streaming a visit to the exhibition space tonight at 9 PM jakarta (6 AM pacific / 9 AM eastern).
-
are yall down for an exhibition tour together tonight on twitch?
👾👾
we can all visit the space together, and i'll stream as well so we can all interact in realtime!"
what would pak do
"from these two series, one of them will be available as rare collectible NFTs. the other one will exclusively be available as physical articles. more info soon."
"i still have 2 more artwork series planned ahead.
one of them is done and finished.
the other one is still in progress as my side personal project."
ignorance is bliss
gus fring is giving me the same vibe as hans landa
"Biden - 264
Trump - 214
UHD - 3840"
"it's now late in where i live. i'm sure
it is too for most of you.
if you're reading this,
i hope things are
working out
for you.
🌒🌘"
2020 sucked for the most part.
it looks like this option is fixed too in vanilla 2.91! do try it if you're just rendering a fly through or turntable animation.
i love this album so much
goodnight everyone
"i know a lot of releases out there are problematic, copyright-wise. but i genuinely think that they should just at least keep the title around for the sake of archiving. it's a major annoyance that they can just erase something like music history."
second time this week*
this is frustrating
"spotify just did another round of purge i guess. couldn't even find monkshood anymore. it was greyed out and unavailable but you can see the track titles clearly before. now, none of em are searchable or on the artist page. i turned on the option to show hidden songs."
"i think the album (or one of the track) has the title like ""i dream of riding a bicycle when i die"" or something around that idea. the whole album is about death, interstellar travel, and dreams. i think it might be a lofi album with plenty of samples."
"this is the second time i'm remembering a song that's no longer available on spotify, youtube, etc. 

i can remember the cover art but not quite, i remember the whole album clearly but it had no lyrics - it only had samples from carl sagan, and many old NASA broadcast as vocal."
i think i'm gonna go crazy
seychelles island government*
my government is losing their mind
what would p4rkr do
do it twice and i'll make sure u can never do it again. not even close.
sure cross me once whatever maybe u didn't mean it
bitch
my biz network &amp; contact is smaller than necessary. and i am unlikeable. come at me come talk to me come work with me and we see how things will end up.
"what i'm saying is -- i lack all that. not having all that. not yet. i haven't got my good night's sleep for weeks maybe months now. no, i do not have a college degree, never finished it.  no, my vibes are bad - not as good as u might think."
"i lack sleep, a college degree, good vibes, a business network, and unlikeable yet i'm relatively more successful than you do."
"u kno what fuck this shit
it's my bad that i'm so forgiving and trusting people again.
u can never trust humans cuz humans are prone to errors, secrets, and bad intentions.
should've kept my trust issue all along"
i can never fit anywhere anyway
the latter in first tweet probably happens more often
and it's probably not just a feeling it is probably a real thing. sometimes i saw things unfold and hate mysel ffor that.
i've always had this feeling of my friends being around me because they have something to gain or because their usual friends are no longer around and i'm pretty much a second or third option.
i'm lowkey sad that i never get to see virtual self live myself but i'm also glad that porter robinson is back
"yall are making podcast and i hope yall are joking down here 😩
better read what i quote there mate"
NO I ain't saying making podcasts is racist. it just FEELS racist to me. can't explain the feeling but it do b like that
if u see this please just be a decent person. u don't have to suddenly be nice to me. just try not to do this kind of shit to anyone. i'll do my share of being nice too - with caution.
unstonks
model is from @oatsstudios firebase 3D assets.
"dy manusia jadi-jadian. ati ati. RT @steffi_ivy: APALO?! RT @Karinadebbie: oh gtu.. bagus !RT @steffi_ivy: Disiinii ahaha,sorry td exit uber"
mampos lu Elite Games! doddle god BERHASIL GW HACK!!!!! yesss!! bisa ngebuka hint tanpa tunggu 3 menit!!
"maen doddlegod ngasah otak banget. tapi inget, ini permaenan illuminati gan."
ngaskus istrahat dulu..hari ini nyampe 1720+ udah cukup lah. ntar malem lagi sampe 1750 moga moga..bsok udah 1800. amin.
"""What do you want?! What do you need?! We'll find the way when all hope is gone!"" - All Hope is Gone, Slipknot #np"
STUPIFY
playlist anti ababil
jalan ati ati banyak ababil
ababil lo semua
ababil
&lt;--- avatar gw yg sekarang || Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare [S.A.S Mile High Club]
ganti avatar lagi ....
"skuy mari yg sayang kapitalis dan suka kapitalis mana suaranya

...o ngga ada suaranya.

ya memang harusnya anda tida bersuara karena ngedenda orang miskin adalah bagian dari kapitalisme anda he he he,,,

selamat hari senin, jbu...... 🙏"
pic cred somewhere on twitter couldn't remember it thsnks for sharing
social media culture is probably the worst thing that can happen to a competitive overachiever.
hangover mabok vs hangover begadang beda tipis
"is raining
can't gofood
is sadge"
"a little announcement coming in a bit👀
it's now very early in the US and just around afterhour in indo."
"but again, unbiased pathtracing is unbeatable IMO. you can only fake so much before you face a roadblock when you're going after realism with a biased engine."
i mean i have them rendered and packed ready to go i just gotta wait for the right time. teaser soon?
nftS - plural
animationS - plural
might fuck around and drop new animations as NFTs next week
i'm starting to use them both interchangeably depending on what i need
"man the volumetric node in eevee is so much better than cycles. it's faster, and it's looking better too😢

nothing beats physically unbiased pathtracing but bro cycles just can't keep up with the speed of biased volumetric lighting in eevee."
br0 moving my textures from external drive where i store all my assets to NVME (outside of the .blend pack) shortens my build time by like 9 seconds what the fuck
it's wild that i can go on twitter every day and still finding new DAO and dApps with crazy ideas.
i'm so glad muni-chan didn't have midi controller on her first vj performance😭😭😭the realism in this anime is beyond me
"anyway, here's my verdict: i'll stick to twitter obviously, and i'd still use my instagram with moderation. they're latest update to TOS is horrible pfffsh what can u expect from facebook anyway i always said that company sus af since i was in high school but no1 listened 💀"
"they are gaming the home feed so they can sell more ads and chug more ad time to our experience. this is the bad practice since people are relying on having others see their content for a living, yet facebook str8 up ignoring em for more bucks. fucking assholes."
"people fucking HATES curation. at least i hate it. i can't be the only one setting my home to ""see latest tweets"" instead of ""show me the best tweets."" cuz this is exactly the problem with facebook and instagram."
i mean at least twitter still let us have chronological timeline. this is a massive deal to a lot of people especially artists or individuals with less algorithm-friendly content. instagram is just shit when it comes to curation cuz guess what
"but i doubt it'd really happen. twitter in indo never really popped off even in its golden age which was 2013-2014 as a lot of people find it to be unwelcoming, gatekeeping, and too many texts to read. but idk i may be wrong i should def sleep instead of subtweeting peopl"
*) by people i meant instagram influencers
"if people* are flocking back to twitter (pun intended), i'll probably just have to unfollow some people and then i can back on enjoying my time on twitter again."
i made 13 fully animated primitive assets in 12 hours with rendering. holyfuck.
twitter should never add an edit tweet feature. never.
i am genuinely waiting for the return of tacky graphics &amp; art direction of the 00s and Y2K culture.
🍻here's to hoping that all art directors and clients would move on from the violet/magenta cyberpunk 80s synthwave palette and style in 2021
major 2010s post-hardcore mood🖤
big die antwoord energy to a certain degree. i love it HA ☠️
stream Can't Speak English
N O T  G O O D
i feel like i'm aging exponentially
im capek but ok
time to put all my money in stablecoin and say goodbye to this outdated money and its hungry politicians sitting on it
i hate that we don't get to buy iphones at their US/SG/JP retail prices. this makes no fucking sense as our mean purchasing power are obviously lower than these countries 💩
this is honestly one of the most reasonable demands of system specs for such a beautiful game. can't wait to play and stream it this december!
"i remember someone on indo twitter said something like ""if we let the govt make stupid bills by staying silent cuz it doesn't affect us, don't be surprised if one day they pass a really bad one and nobody can object against it."""
neuralink is on the horizon and i can only imagine so far to the future. god only knows what's gonna happen by the year 2100.
"new generation of AI came faster than predicted and it has significantly changed how we interact with each other, how we work, and how we solve our problems."
i will live on forever in the metaverse
phew
_&gt; My Twitter DM @vngnc will be open for any inquiries during this event.
"_&gt; However, a third piece (IMG_6659.JPG) will be gifted to anyone who collected BOTH works. It doesn't matter whether they're obtained from the original auction, purchased through secondary sales, or even personal transfer. This offer will only valid once and has no deadline."
"_&gt; The countdown is 24-hour once the reserve is met, with 10 minutes extension for every new bid made in the last hour."
sometimes i let the crypto pressure sink onto my love for creating stuff 🥲 during my peak i could produce 1 work every other week. not so often these days. i should really change how i do this thing.
wow i now have 7 unsold 1/1 at superrare. won't mint a new one until they're all out to collectors 🙃
it is late in indonesia rn but i'll stay up a little longer today. been a while since i can see the tweets from yall in the US realtime like this
might fuck around and do an impromptu stream today. warming up for work. keep an eye out for a twitch notification from me.
mending stress tower tier 2 ancur drpd stress kerjaan
playing casual multiplayer games by yourself can be cathartic i guess
"fucking brain farts man
dw about this I'll prolly feel better after another shot of coffee"
like yeah sure i know a lot of ppl wants to work w me right now but i never really feel i'm good enough at what i do
i always have this looming fear that i'll never be good enough at what I do to make it out of indo
ababil banyak bgt
pasti udah kiamat. RT @edgar_nasution: coba twitter saya verified account -_-
Ababil detected. #AbabilDetector
Undisclosed Desires
Avenged Sevenfold - 4:00 AM | tribute to The Rev 2010 || @aezn2490 @steven_1596 @anastasyacld @ilyasa_ [lagu baru nih]
ternyata lagunya CRANBERRIES yg ZOMBIE dipake buat footage akhirnya NAZI ZOMBIES di CALL of DUTY World At War .... -__- gw baru nyadar.
AND ALL THINGS WILL END #np
1 : 3
Ternyata bener Bruce Willis & Eminem terlibat CALL OF DUTY : BLACK-OPS!! Google search sana @aezn2490 @ilyasa_ @rayfranklind
"gw paket pake JNE baru nyampe sana 2 hari. mau ? RT @frichiela: Laper. Kirim makanan dong, makasih."
#2011wish dibeliin monitor HDMI !!!!
1750 Posts - 250 posts to ISO || @aldodp @michaelphoenix @adudutz @rayfranklind
kebanyakan sticky di forum 16.. :hammer:
"""When life leaves us blind, love keeps us kind."" - The Messenger, Linkin Park"
Killed in Action
Missing in Action
lapak gajebo
Tiap kali gw mao nonton DEXTER pasti ada aja halangan.
Undisclosed Desires
work ethic and professionalism is crazy rare  in this day and age where we consume and produce everything in an instant
thanks to everyone who came by the stream and chat w me! big mood booster for this week💥💥💥
maap telat. streaming at 7pm. skuy. barengan sama wg di ami awards gpp kan demografinya beda ok sip
*) i refer to my homemade cold brew as 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘣𝘰𝘺𝘴
how many scenes can a 3D artist make in 2 hours before they run out of sanity????????? esketit boys*
my experience and interaction on twitch has always been good and a lot better than that youtube shit years ago
"as much as i am grateful for the chance to work on bigger projects every time, i'll always try to find a way and keep my community alive. idk it just feels wrong to me if i have to drop streaming &amp; interaction altogether."
or the marsh can have red water like the second impact.
utah monolith in a marsh like area. somewhere tropical or southern kinda like. scientists are studying the monolith. it's a foggy morning/twilight time of day. all realtime rendering in eevee.
"i've seen the pattern and know better. so again, i ain't playing this shit with red ocean strat. 💀"
there's a reason why i got relatively big in youtube few years ago (obtained and destroyed my silver play button) and end everything.
i ain't playing this shit red ocean like so many people do
eeeeee nggak kesampean
"play some games
sleep early"
i jus tryna have a good friday night ma dude
min @pln_123 dm dariku tolong dicek ya thank you
jk please live a long and happy life despite our society heading towards a dystopian future
"LIVE FAST
DIE YOUNG"
producing bigger things will just be harder and more complicated in the upcoming years
do i need to swab test to travel domestically in indo by plane? asking for a friend.
"[TWITTER EXCLUSIVE, NOT DOING THIS ON IG, FUCK IG] pushing myself to do god knows how many animation shots today. shoot a question below and I'll try to answer it in-between render breaks."
"if there's any takeaway from this weird ass career path, that'd be creativity is rewarded more than functionality. like sure you can make something with an obvious function that seems useful to most people, but creativity goes a long way."
something to note: gua berusaha menguasai 3D dari sebelum era joki coding dan nggak bisa-bisa. otak &amp; mental gua belum developed kayaknya dulu.
i have this destructive tendencies to be competitive at everything i do FUCK
ada 1 job yg ketinggalan di atas: jasa malsuin tgl lahir di KTP buat temen gua yg mau ke DWP. gua kasih lebih murah dikit kalo langsung banyak.
is this impressive or is this just desperate? idk who cares
atau kerja di industri red ocean yg semua orang sikut kanan kiri kayak tai
hidup bukan untuk saling mendahului kecuali anda kerja jadi supir truk stut jack
the invitation link is currently closed. you can keep an eye out on my twitter account for the next invitation round. better luck next time!
widodomonogatari
it's not funny if u hv to explain it 🤷🏻‍♀️
"i mean if i were joking around and shit i would write it as ""ment0l illness"", ""mentAL ilLnes5"" or some combination of that just so people would read it in a playful way and understand the tone the way i meant it."
"and people could just trespass to my front yard. fast forward few weeks, and i'm in the city with this black girl who got arrested for idk what. i went to the jail with her acting as her lawyer??? and then she made an escape by stealing identity of other inmate."
"i had a nightmare about moving to rural puncak area. at first everything seems nice cuz it's chill and quiet. but then i got really uncomfortable because it gets quiet very early once it's dark, there's no fiber network, and you need to order a car to get out."
"i would never feel bad for not being able to animate or make something remotely close to japanese animation studios. their perseverance and skills are beyond me, a mere mortal."
had to cut the stream early due to network issues. see u next time.
after effects session: HUD design &amp; animation
🚨tagging all current bidders regarding this recent transfer @sznaphere @Ioannis_AG @js_horne
we ended up losing the game but well that one moment was p cool. had my better enigma days and had my share of worse teammates too haha. all's good.
"to me, it's crazy that i still feel guilty when i take a lunch break more than i usually do, or playing games when i haven't finished all my work for the day even now when i'm self-employed as a freelancer."
"in my opinion, hustle culture is a scam conducted by privileged CEOs to shape their employee's mindset on overworking. at least that's how i see it in indonesia."
all countdown will only start once the shared reserve price is met.
the countdown would only start once the reserve price is met.
all countdown will start once the reserve price is met.
last but not least
i will announce auctions for my two works that are part of @FeltZine exhibition this past month in a little bit.
another @daijobuclub streaming party to be announced soon.
the habit of keeping productivity at 100% throughout the day that i picked up during my time in a creative agency still sticks with me. and it took me many hours and episodes of feeling like shit to understand that it's okay to not be creative or productive every single day.
watching heroes season 3 eps. 5 hasil donlotan aldo..wakkakak
"#macetawards @prambors Jembatan semanggi, jkt: top sepit 40 km/j...capedee... - -"""
"Bbrpa Cara MATI pilihan gwa: kecelakaan, bom, stress, nghirup gas racun, pil mati...ha-ha-ha.."
A7x - Until The End .. Nih lagu ngena bgd ama mood gw skrg..hahaha..
"""I believe, I'll find peace, in AFTERLIFE..."" - Avenged Sevenfold"
"""I'll be like this UNTIL THE END..."" - Avenged Sevenfold"
"""Don't change the way you think me..."" - Avenged Sevenfold"
Gw udh bysa kok diginiin..udah nasib gw dari dolo keadaan gw slalu gini...jdi gausa tkut nyakitin gw...okeh?
"Gw gk marah kl kayak gt kok..trsinggung jga kgak..kecewa apalagi...halah, gituan! Gw bw santai aje..heh.."
"#soundtrackofthisday : A7x - Demons, Girl I Know, Afterlife (Alternate Ver.)"
"""You won't believe the stories I've been told, about the girl I know..!"" - Avenged Sevenfold"
now playing A7x : Diamonds in The Rough whole album...
now playing AVENGED SEVENFOLD - DEMONS
Gw td dimarain ms. Esther lg...mampus gw.... :hammer:
A7x - Demons kren bgd! Baru ngopi kmaren dr dvdny paul..wakakak
#soundtrackofthisday AVENGED SEVENFOLD - DEMONS
watching heroes season 3 eps. 5 hasil donlotan aldo..wakkakak
F U C K L A H
:D woohoo!
junker
tumben gw nyetel playlist yg ini -____-
archive org wayback machine. coba ada bneran.
udah lama
berharap cendol malah dapet ... cendol. abu abu. :hammer: || @aldodp @rayfranklind @michaelphoenix
"""It's 4 in the morning, you got one more chance to die."""
"4:00 AM In The Morning enak (Y) lagunya metal tapi sbenernya maknanya dalem banget. || December 28th 2009, It's 400 AM in the morning."
"""We're going deep, and we're going hard."" ""Surely? You can't be serious."" ""I am, and don't call me Shirley."" - S.A.S R101 || Call of Duty 4"
kalo gini kan ketawan mana yg bneran temen mana yg bukan.
#np Avenged Sevenfold - 4:00 AM
cek lagiRT @frichiela: @vengeance04 cek dm yaa
ababil lagi
[steam_id:12204875]thetime [amx_console]03:59PM [steam_id:12204875]timeleft [amx_console]60 seconds remaining
#2011predictions bokap beli monitor 36' ato 38' yg HDMI!!
"kmaren ke gramed gw nemu buku ""Perang Dunia III"" gw liat isinya kok mirip CoD 4 sama 6, pas gw liat coverny pake CoD!! sampah. @rayfranklind"
tumben expres
ababil semua bner. ngakak gw asli.
Desecrate Through Reverance
eaaa.. kena sunat.
1800 Posts | 200 posts to ISO || @aldodp @michaelphoenix @adudutz @rayfranklind
lil uzi vertices
"i'm running on a ryzen 3900X, 32GB of system RAM, 3080+2070, and NVMe for storage."
did anyone ever manage to have blender synchronize/export/initialize scenes faster for rendering? it's just annoying that my GPU can render in under 10 seconds and it took 30 seconds to load the mesh &amp; images. #b3d #blender3d #blender
"thank you to @randaartcollect for responding quickly.
WINDOW SHOPPING and 𝒔𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎𝒓𝒆𝒄𝒐𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒚-𝒄𝒉𝒂𝒏 will find their collector(s) in less than 24 hours."
the invitation to my discord server is closed at the moment. it will be opened with a limited time/slot. please stay tuned and act fast for the discord invitation link in the future.
"this being said, i should be able to have VOD back for everyone next month. please wait for the current VODs with copyrighted music to expire."
don't @ me saying covid doesn't exist or a conspiracy. fuck you. i know few people who contracted the virus and passed away. don't tell me it doesn't exist because it does. stop being edgy for once ffs.
i get that not everyone can stay inside because some ppl need to work and get paid out of their house but please - i don't think you need to go out and chill in a cafe or malls (or attend any leisure activities) when a highly infectious disease is spreading.
"it bugs me so much that even when you're being cautious, staying inside as much as you can, and trying to limit human contact - you could still get infected by the virus due to someone else's negligence."
"the internet can distribute information in an efficient fashion yet humanity just fill it with more noise and disinformation for their own gain, disrupting the function that we desperately need."
"at the end of the day, finding valuable information in an ocean of noise will be just as hard as finding information before the internet."
ini pick menteri pasti nggak pake dota plus
8:30pm tonight!
"although a fraction of these active streamers may have persona(s) for their stream, it is significantly harder to fake a personality and lifestyle in a livestream compared to youtube videos."
"while some might consider livestream as a form of over-sharing, i honestly think livestreams allow people to have a more meaningful connection with others in this world full of premeditated noise."
having all these social networking sites got people used to an ever-archiving computer programs. we got used to have every single moment of our lives be recorded and published at all times.
streaming taught me that you can still enjoy the internet as moments of real-time interaction.
"if you (or someone you know) has been around these subpar SNS, please do the justice of letting them know that the original videos have been taken down as of today."
you flew too close to the sun and burned your wings away. this is what you deserve. i took all wtf indonesia episodes down from youtube with the exception of the finale.
wtf indonesia never failed to surprise me to this day. heard some news buzzing about it at the same time as my set last night. let's not get tilted about this and do something about it no?
my razer battery is sorta lost in the system FUCK
manusia berencana gaben menentukan
ngimpi ke new york terus beli martabak telor di pinggir jalan 😵
"ini nggak ke AWS, ke DO, ke mana-mana kaga ada yg bener yailah. lo kata internet cuma google sama fesbuk hah @IndiHome???????"
"woy @IndiHome lo orang ada masalah apa sih? orang seindonesia bayar internet mahal-mahal mau nyambung ke server layanan luar indonesia aja setengah mampus. lo kira internet punya ngkong lo, nenek lo, om lo, tante lo, buyut lo, ponakan lo, sepupu lo, ato bapak lo?"
istg if telkom got beef with aws they should just settle it why we gotta b the one affected FUCK
i'll talk more about this piece of gear this year (i'll have plenty of chance talking about it iykwim) but having a quadro GPU for a mobile workstation setup actually feels easier on the thermal and power while still giving a considerable amount of work performance.
"verdict: it's best to put this thin beast out of commission for heavy work use (pathtracing renders, machine learning etc.) and just leave it for mere gaming, streaming, and video editing or eevee renders👌 it's been an honor to have this beast with me for the past 2 years 🖤"
ini anthrium sama ethereum harganya sama-sama naik lho
"damn.. i honestly see myself as A4@..
thanks for playing along anyway!"
"cryptocurrency will be the future whether u care or not. even if you're eventually gonna use digital fiat currency released by the central bank, chances are they're using blockchain to handle the system."
igo tingkat 1
Gw dikelilingin gamer DotA
HAHAHA
Mention bejibun ucapan #MerryXmas ..Sorry ga bsa reply satu satu..Hehe.. Thanx.
sisa
"HAHAHAHA ------&gt; @kachgorz || ini anak utusan NWO, liat avatarnya deh @aldodp @2armand2 wkwkwk"
"Kalo yg maen Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare [yg online, & udah patch 1.7], mumpung natal coba maen map ""Winter Crash"" seru tuh."
berisik kau echofon
"kekurangan echofon : kalo ngeliat profile orang harus dari browser, gabisa langsung ditempat."
"setiap kali suara bomb defused XTCS 1.6 bunyi itu berarti ada twit baru --"""
Echofon saingan sama TweetDeck kalo di komp gw
"nah, mendingan pake Echofon dah ketimbang web. -,-"
javascript Firefox 4.0b7 masih butut. Twitternya aja masih ngaco.
shite. gw benci PATCH. krn patch nutup celah-celah keamanan. jadi gabisa lagi kan ah!
dunia ini penuh dengan bug & vulnerability :D
ngakunya sih hacker..syntax bug google tau nggak tuh dy? HAHAHA
uh
abis ini muse
streaming 8pm jakarta time!
"☀️good morning
🎲best of luck to our first monday in 2021"
"someone on reddit found Gilfoyle's crypto powerpoint on piedpiper website from the show Silicon Valley. the last part prolly won't make much sense if u don't see the show, but overall, this should give u a better idea of crypto if u previously had low or no interest in it."
hope yall are having good monday wherever u might be✨
"it feels wrong seeing the world burn from the comfort of my home, working remotely. however, watching how things unfold on the opposite side of the world and see justice slowly being restored is probably one of the things that keeps me going."
i love u guys @100gecs @linkinpark
silakan rekan @kevinchoc untuk review mouse pad nya
"i understand that some of us still has to go to work out there and i believe in good faith that these people going out to work will follow strict health protocol (or at least, they won't let strangers around their workspace) - unlike those influencers celebrating NYE in bali🖕"
"e 100km ke timur ternyata pada ke waterpark
e 1000km ke timur lagi ternyata influencer pada parti"
disuru ndekem di rumah 2 minggu nggak bisa karena katanya harus kerja
pandemi ngga kelar kelar kuy pindah ke vr chat atau city skylines aja
"it may be monkeys today but it can very well be their neighbor tomorrow. FUCK YOUR CONTENT BITCH. this is about being a decent person and not torture other living beings. FUCK👏YOUR👏BELIEF👏IN👏CONTENT. because these are crimes, not content."
"it is fucked up because genuinely believe that any torture or crime against large mammals *especially* primate is really FUCKING ALARMING. that's why i got all worked up from hearing oomf saying ""maybe we should educate them."""
this is where another backlog of the problem comes in: it has become so much harder for ACTUAL people to get verified for adsense yet these sort of channels can get verified and new channels are emerging on a daily basis.
"this channel might have names and faces on it, but many others are completely anonymous. the problem with this - they are not looking for public attention as these things are punishable crimes, but instead, youtube adsense money."
context is everything
content is king tai kucing
edukasi ama ngajarin orang mulu kapan nggamparnya ngab
just submitted my entry for #CryptoArtWeekAsia in Singapore🔥
582kbps upstream is a fucking disgrace and disrespect shown by this cursed ISP
"PERHATIAN PERHATIAN
tidak jadi streaming today,
jadinya streaming tomorrow or streaming the day after tomorrow. bakal masih sama long stream juga."
"anyway, eat the rich. i would seriously question yall if i one day become rich enough and nobody ask me to make my wealth useful for others beyond myself."
i can smell and predict a cancelled public figure a mile and a year away
"moving on, the hybrid CPU+GPU rendering for OptiX works perfect in e-cycles, if not more stable - but this might just be my opinion."
i forgot to mention that there's still the need to separate animated meshes and static meshes - so that the animated ones will be updated every frame and leaving the static ones in persistent data.
"no pressure on the developers, and of course it may be more complex than i can imagine - but if e-cycles (or blender) can one day reduce the time needed to sync in rendering by leaving all the static meshes in persistent data, it would actually make blender all the more capable."
"🐸: what are u doing here it's not like u enjoy what i watch

🐮: well u don't enjoy the things i watch either and it's ok

🐸: noooo, i 𝒐𝒏𝒋𝒆𝒚 —

🐮: *moos*"
i don't wanna assume things but i wonder if they actually use blender in their production pipeline 👀
i just found out that studio khara is one of the biggest blender dev fund supporters 😭😭😭
"at this moment, digital 3D is the best medium for me. it allows me to build worlds, art directing a scene, and photographing it using nothing but my own computer at home. i still apply all my film production &amp; photography knowledge despite working in DCC software."
except for works that are specifically created to be experienced through a certain medium.
"ultimately, everything comes back to you as a creator to express your ideas or stories out of your own head and sharing them with others. the medium may change, but your ideas should be able to withstand these non-fundamental changes."
"one should never lose sight of the tool they're using vs. the style they've acquired. please remember that digital 3D, digital/traditional 2D, live photography, or XR are just tools (or medium)."
streaming finished! thanks to everyone who chilled with us on stream and those who donated be it through my saweria or straight to kitabisa!! 🖤 thank you
selamat pagi sobat doge
"buy doge
gn
🌙"
"i mean jokes aside, money is very real and harness a potential influence greater than many other instruments. but the fact that the value of many (if not) all currencies/assets can fluctuate is a proof that the value ""stored"" in a bill or token is merely an idea. a strong idea."
damn money is an illusion
my kind of brain fart is looking up russia-israel bilateral foreign relations while i'm supposed to review an artist contract
i had a nightmare where my computer somehow reached sub-zero temperature within seconds of a power surge. ice frost formed in the case and on the side tempered glass.
MUSE - Unintended #np
Linkin Park - Burning in The Skies #np
"HAHAHA RT: @radityadika: Kata @ydta di bioskop, setelah film abis: ""Kok gelap ya? Kok gak keliatan ya?"" Gue: ""Itu kacamata 3D-nya belom dile"
istirahat ngaskus dulu deh. koneksi abal.
I'm a freak
pngen unfollow aja deh
"lo juara pidato sama puisi? gila. HAHA RT: @GregoDika: Wahyu: Eh pil tu si banu udah juarain sesuatu,lu juarain apaan? gua:pidato sama puisi"
friend gw di kaskus ternyata jauh lebih banyak daripada di MSN..HAHA
ababil
"shit. maxnya kenapa cuma nyampe 215 -.-"""""
"""It's 4 in the morning, you got one more chance to die."""
Echofon jauhhhh lebih baik daripada TweetDeck (Y)
MUSE - United States of Eurasia | #np
Avenged Sevenfold - Fiction | #np | #RIPTheRev
Avenged Sevenfold - 4:00 AM #np
Aston
"--"""
Alt+F4
"dogecoin is still up there in US trending just above bitcoin!!!
HOLD ON TO YOUR $DOGE 🪙🐶"
cnbc ameriki ya bukan indinisyi
"otherwise kalo emg nyari untung dari duit yg harusnya kepake buat keperluan lain, plis jangan ya. crypto (apalagi doge sekarang) itu sangat volatile. don't eat where you shit."
"⚠️PENTING!
🚨 twitter gua bukan rekomendasi finansial buat lo lo pada. i'm doing it for the memes and the cause. 
*
so, kalo emang ada rejeki lebih dan sudi nyusahin short seller dipersilakan ya~"
BUY👏THE 👏DIP #DoNotSell #dogecoin
occupy wall st was so good we got a sequel today
cnbc udah gila
tick tock motherfuckers
"gn everyone🌙
especially those holding #doge
i'm holding my doge in my sleep"
kan bener obrolan internal akhirnya gua tweet juga setan
mohon diingat untuk sobat sobat motion design ku bahwa keren di instagram saja tida cukup. sekian terima kasih.
"mechanical design, military/world politics theme, occasional supernatural intervention, c̶u̶t̶e̶ ̶g̶i̶r̶l̶s̶, sci-fi theme, and espionage? sign me up for life"
sobat crunchyroll shutup lah
kalo kerjaan paling bener pake e-mail sama discord nitro sumpah goodbye whatsapp jangan dipake dah itu aplikasi kalo ga wajib
the worst kind of people is prolly those who don't exactly know what they want but left the decision up to others and hope that they'd nail it the first try.
"from this point forward, crypto art will no longer be just about ""the artwork."""
"until then, i can settle with the workaround i found in blender &amp; afterfx."
ok hear me out - did anyone ever considered the carbon footprint of the gold (or similar commodities) mining process? 🤔
i'm still (at)vngnc on clubhouse! see yall soon.
owning and storing your own private keys of your crypto wallet is equivalent to owning a physical key that secures your asset. no middleman or third party involved.
but i know myself too well i use both of em on the daily 💀🤙 so don't @ me
clubhouse is discord for normies
most people don't want to learn and overcome this hurdle. most people would love to be part of the noise. most people prefer drowning in the ocean of meaningless content.
"in many ways, scarcity creates value and makes people appreciate the things they found online. this is one of the reasons i didn't continue my wtf indo series on youtube. i gave up trying to push this idea into the market through youtube in the past 8 years."
"and this doesn't apply to just NFT, cryptoart, and all that metaverse stuff. i'm talking conventional internet too like twitter/insta/youtube. people are publishing SO MANY fucking things it's hard for most ppl to keep track of the things they really care about."
i've always believed in scarcity to maintain value especially in this day and age where the abundance of content makes most things valued less than they actually are.
"istg if only cp2077 has extensive vehicle customization like GTA V, i'd have way more motivation in earning cash in the game. i'm still playing the classic story of leveling up your character too much in side quest before finishing the main story."
"""keren ngab""
""wow editor berkelas""
""makin gila editingnya""

i get that some of them may be sincere but deep down we know that we know 𝒃𝒆𝒕𝒕𝒆𝒓. so keep on pushing forward even when people are telling you that you've won."
never settle for less quality even if your audiences are telling you otherwise. never trust the audience. good morning.
"both sequences rendered in less than 15 minutes on a single RTX 3080. without pixel peeping or nitpicking the reflections, i will not be able to tell the difference between this and cycles at a glance (or after multiple viewing).

and this is still just version 1.0 👀"
dimasukkin google docs buat content plan juga boleh 🆖🆎
canda ges jan dimasukkin ati
froyonion lama lama remake playboy kabel
seleb indo wack
"gw udah serasa pake iPhone dah, yg dipake TweetDeck sama Echofon..wkwkwkwk"
kok bau rokok yah
prefer desktop daripada laptop apalagi PS. wkwkwke
202 tweet sejak gw tinggal tadi pagi.. gile.
bsok beli MW2 ah..
"ok, offline"
when i'm gone
#offline
hbo *mjbRT: @zi146: Dimana? RT @raecs: otm HP2
bersenang-senanglah selagi lo bisa.
i feel like pouring 1 or 2 shots of vodki into my kopi susu gula aren
"it's like damn are yall really this bad at communicating, listening, and reading the room??????"
it's making me mad to see how my elders act over text
votes are anonymous. i just wanna see numbers.
"if one day you lost the ability to mint and create NFT of your artwork, would you still do your art as usual?"
"someone said your art is garbage? join them and say ""yes""

someone said your work is easy because you use advanced tools that let you do many things efficiently? join them and say ""yes"""
learning to make fun of yourself is a good exercise too i guess
"selamat pagy dunya typu typu... 
🔗🌎📈

𝑷𝒆𝒔𝒂𝒏 𝒊𝒏𝒊 𝒅𝒊𝒔𝒑𝒐𝒏𝒔𝒐𝒓𝒚 𝒐𝒍𝒆𝒉 𝑼𝒅𝒊𝒏 𝑮𝒂𝒔 𝑷𝒓𝒊𝒄𝒆 (𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒂𝒓𝒈𝒆𝒔𝒕 𝒎𝒊𝒏𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒑𝒐𝒐𝒍 𝒊𝒏 𝑮𝒏. 𝑲𝒊𝒅𝒖𝒍)"
this prontaxan and tomoyu mixtape is 1000x better than i remembered
"would love to see you guys thrive @crowd_render &lt;3

i could already see the impact if this add-on becomes more solid and robust in the future."
"Cancel | CUDA error: Out of memory in cuLaunchKernel(cuPathTrace, xblocks, yblocks, 1, xthreads, ythreads, 1, 0, 0, args, 0)"
"seeing how ind0 govt doesn't even recognize crypto as a valid form of payment gives me anxiety as to how they'd react if they see this whole digital art market. i'm not saying we must hide from them, but i think it's a good idea to not boast abt it too much. for now at least."
"simplifying the novel idea of NFT is a great way to get new people into looking at this tech and get them involved (or at least be informed) about it.

simplifying it to a degree where it seems like a get-rich-quick scheme, isn't a great idea."
i think blockchain is an important stepping stone for digital artists to move forward.
i really hope local crypto artists won't boast about the money they make more than the tech itself.
phew
my hands are always sweating and feel a little anxious every time i'm about to tokenize a new artwork on the chain 🥲
also -- steins;gate will probably be the most discussed anime 15 years from now.
i wish this could happen indefinitely.
"sometimes i just wanna watch anime and vtubers, play games with my friends, and discover new music on soundcloud"
it truly is the year of the 0x
"haven't streamed in a while.
let's play Hades tonight."
announcing something fresh with @MAHH_ART in a little bit 👀
gonna put an end to this era sooner than i expected
hideo kojima may have predicted the future of decentralized network and its impact on humanity with death stranding
man how i miss going out and shooting music videos with friends
"i myself as a crypto artist who's only been around since last year feel overwhelmed by this issue. it's already hard enough trying to explain this new thing to people, battling disinformation, and yet shit like this comes up at the worst time possible."
believe in ur art
Harum Scarum - Bad Habits #np
scream!! scream!! scream!!
orang dimana-mana naek susah turun gampang bner. Lah ini? turun susah amat. XP #NurdinTurun
Avenged Sevenfold - Scream #np
"apa coba hubungannya shampo sama nurdin? --"" RT: @masova: waduh, tadi lupa beli shampoo.. cih.. #NurdinTurun !!"
"""I push my fingers into my eyes!!"""
Slipknot - DUALITY #np
"""Cyber criminals are good."""
"Liar, rape, kill"
kaskus bikin indonesia jadi kecil. TOP GAN
gebukin aja tu bocah..HAHAHA *mjbRT: @Sekarrzzwwrr: I got the permission from Dika to pukulin @Kachgorz hahahahahaha asik
Clairvoyant Disease (Y) setara Seize The Day tapi lebih enak
kk @natcarizki sehari nambah berapa follower sih? gila.
gw ngbrol sama @anastasyacld susah banget
burn it down #np
"tapi biarin lah, yg bacot kan lw. hehehe"
bacot ih
susahnya bikin avatar GIF kaskus : size ga boleh lewat 39 kb..gila. mesti jago yg bikin.
"Direct deposit: $1400

Me at Gindaco: bring me all the takoyaki till i say stop"
fuck
"i know this won't solve the entire art theft problem at once, but let me know if anyone needs further guidance! 

...or better yet, should i turn this into an elaborate medium/cent blogpost?"
-- and the cool thing about this is that you are NOT interacting with any smart contract or conducting transactions with the blockchain. relieving you from any transaction fees or the burden of ecological impact.
"this way if someone were to impersonate YOU in any NFT platform (opensea, rari, etc.), you could object by showing that their address is different from your address."
"make an ethereum wallet (metamask is one of the easiest), generate a new address for yourself, secure the seedphrase (secure it like your life's depend on it), and then announce the public address of your wallet."
here's an idea for digital artists concerned about art theft in the NFT space but doesn't want to get involved with the crypto ecosystem:
excuse me sir you couldn't be more wrong
people talking bout nft like it's the new bitcoin
beware of pengalihan isu
wonder what i should mint for my genesis foundation NFT 🤔
vjing too
man i miss djing
ALSO: @artvatars is launching on Ethereum Layer 2 - which means there will be practically no gas cost when purchasing and transferring the NFTs. this will hopefully reduce the amount of computing power needed to approve and validate transactions in this project. CMIIW.
"dropping something exclusive, not for sale, and special tonight here on twitter. there's a fat chance insta will never see this new work in its full glory."
"i'm sorry but where is mihoyo based again?
...exactly why i'm not so surprised with this shitstorm they got themselves in."
MUSE - Undisclosed Desires #np
"“We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.” - Sam Keen"
kemana emang lu?RT: @astridSJB: Tweet terakhir! Bye ga ol sampe tgl2
baru ditinggal bentar udah 36
green sands. mantaff
#NurdinTurun !! HAHAHA RT: @Infongasal: Ayo semua dukung #timnasindonesia #indonesiamenang !!!!
SLIPKNOT - All Hope is Gone #np
Disturbed - Forgiven #np
Linkin Park - With You #np
Paramore - Ignorance #np
Avenged Sevenfold -  Lips of Deceit #np
welp mike shinoda swooped this one easily 🤷🏻‍♀️
#PakWasHere
"i wonder if there are any marketplace/platform other than @SuperRare, @KnownOrigin_io, and @hicetnunc2000 that supports 3D files. i've spent a few days looking around and eventually go back to these 3 platforms."
more NFT marketplace should support 3D/AR files natively.
something special in my fleet 👀
"i know i have at least one NFT not for sale.
i love it, but it would be the perfect candidate for the first Burn."
check out @hicetnunc2000 ✨
"spike jonze's her is exactly that, but it's so much more than the usual romance. it genuinely questions the possibility of a romantic relationship between a man and a machine. 

while this short film left me doubting the filmmakers' view on tech &amp; interpersonal relationships."
"there's this short film that's wrapped in a futuristic sci-fi setting, yet the entirety of the film is nothing about that and more about an interpersonal relationship - the usual 'cerita mantan dan pacarku selingkuh' cliché of indonesian internet video."
"anywho, i was testing myself to see if i still resent ""indo content creators / youtubers"" and boy oh boy i 𝘴𝘵𝘪𝘭𝘭 put my expectations too high."
stop telling ppl to have kids get outta here
revealing my full @artvatars artwork in a little bit 🔐
gotta get myself to learn unreal engine so i can use metahuman in my pipeline 🥲 it's time
i was very confident of his abilities when he made the jump to the 3D medium a couple years ago. working with him on DIVINATION†SERIES just shows how competent he is as an artist to translate and retain his style through different mediums and tools.
".@MAHH_ART and i go way back, maybe about 7 years ago. for as long as i've known him, he's one of the most persistent illustrators i've ever met."
jk yall
"just sneaked something into my fleet

🗃📟👀"
"eng translation: ""police burns 3,3 tons of confiscated cannabis, residents around the area reporting nauseousness."" 🥲"
Cycles X announced.
editor cnbc indonesia who hurt u
"The Lovers have been tokenized early. 
▪️
Reserve price and automated auction will be set tomorrow (4/23)."
i would love to bring a remix of coboy junior's kamu in a @daijobuclub event. this song is an underrated banger with extended remix potential 🔥
"some features are still not available in Cycles X due to being worked on from scratch such as volumetric and multi-device. but once they're rebuilt, it would hopefully perform better than the current 2.9 builds."
interactivity on @hicetnunc2000 is exceptional. probably better than most mainstream NFT marketplace/platform.
crypto twitter bashing on average instagram pleb is my kind of sunday morning entertainment.
"fuck. IP indonesia di block di port 80 harimaumalaya.com || tenang, masih ada port yg laen buat di panasin"
gw bikin rusuh tuh forum bola MALINGSIA
tai lah malay
gw baru nyadar @bepe20 ga di turunin ..
SI ALAY GOL? KITA CUMA NGASIH SENENG DOANG. NTAR 7-1 DAH.
ANJING ALAYSIALAN
"gw jamin ntar pas malay ke GBK digebukin Viking, JakMan, sama Bonek dah tuh"
ah bikin panas ati gw nontonin bola. :fuck:
wasitnya emang udah mihak ALAY sih. RT: @aswinadiyasa: AHMAD HAND BEGOOO
oahhh!! #JANCUK masuk.
"bokap berisik amat dibawah --"""
dasar m-ALAY-sia bisanya maen laser. #Jancuk #Jancuk #Jancuk
"padahal kalo dari anglenya markus keliatan loh arus 1 garis arah lasernya darimana --"""
"boleh gan. HAHAHA RT: @anggatrisna: bapak aku punya laser sunat. Mau pinjem? RT @vengeance04: Yg di sono nyorotin LASER, pulang darisono gw"
laser buat sunat. HAHAHA RT: @anetlp: Laser apa siiih.
"Yg di sono nyorotin LASER, pulang darisono gw sorot tuh orang pake LASER SUNAT."
m-ALAY-sia bisanya pake laser gituan doang? GW PAKE LASER SUNAT !
"ditinggal 2 menit : ""21 new tweets"" --"" wtf"
Avenged Sevenfold - M.I.A #np
"itu laser geblek --"" emang kampung tuh m-ALAY-sia RT: @Kachgorz: Ngentot malaysia.. Maen"" senter sgala... Anak kampung"
correction is imminent and inevitable. #NFT
"despite the NFT scene is starting to slow down on my end, i think i will be forever grateful for the opportunity to get to know more digital artists out there and build connections with them. 

🖤"
*) no mass media
nobody* cares abt what u do until u make serious money out of it
"slight hiccup on my end during tokenization on HEN. 
first memory coming up very soon."
darn my screen gamma settings.
"let's peek under my manifest.txt for a little bit.

Memory № 1: Genesis
&gt;&gt; ""i created my heavens and earth in a 51 billion transistors machine.""
&gt;&gt; 258,609 poly photogrammetry with vertex sorting.

#memoriesofthenight 🌙"
did you notice how i never ever list a multiple-edition #NFT?
"may have to reschedule the stream. 
see my secret discord server to vote."
"trying out this new rule i discovered a few days ago: no moving, 360 only, google/OSINT allowed."
geoguessr streaming in a bit?
we are all a glitch suspended in a temporal aberration that is our universe
i'm hyped for OXENFREE II
3/10
"who knows what might happen on the 7th day.

🌙#memoriesofthenight"
"She told me how our world is nothing but a projection in our head anyway, what good does a physical world make if we're only driving it to its doom all over again?"
"God spoke to me last night, she said the world is coming to an end, and it's only a matter of time before we lost everything."
"TERBANG TERUS
XUXAH LANDINX"
3K strong
SHEEEEEEEEESH
The night is coming to an end.
so many things are at work and even bigger things are in motion.
"fiat money (just like doge) has no supply limit, no value whatsoever on its own, and not pegged to any physical goods. the only difference is one being controlled by central banks and the other is a cryptographically secured decentralized asset."
"next time some boomer tells u that crypto isn't the future because it isn't backed by any physical assets or maintained by a centralized government, tell 'em to shove their $$$ up their dilated rectum."
"if anything, this doge surge just shows how value (even on all fiat currency) is floating and varies when said currency isn't pegged to any assets."
ceban fak
be on the lookout for a false shepherd among us.
every day i put myself further away from indon influencer culture 💩
the metaverse doesn't wait for anyone
a smart contract is amazing because you can't trust humans just off of a legally binding document. you can read or interact with smart contracts and it will never try to cheat you.
i need graswald to be updated for 2.93😭
i crash and burn periodically a few times every year. nothing new. see you when i see you.
i can smell the burnout season coming
geometry node is easily one of the best things about blender today
"""Fuck you!!"" - Critical Acclaim, A7X"
Avenged Sevenfold - Unholy Confessions #np
sampe mereka kita jajah lah. HAHAHA RT: @LouisRP_: astaga #malaysiacheatlaser mau sampe kapan di TT ?
dp makes me feel better
Ne-Yo feat. Jin ? hehe RT: @iloveyuv: So I'm so sick
DARKNESS SURROUNDING
CTRL+W
"""Terlalu banyak yg dikeluarin sampe lupa harus ngedengerin orang"""
disturbing picture = forum yg pertama gw datengin waktu masih newbie kaskus (selain the lounge pastinya)
"ALAY RT: @SuzukiIndonesia: Laporan Suporter Indonesia : ""Kami dilempari oleh suporter Malaysia dr tribun paling atas, makanya kami keluar."""
And All Things Will End
worst day ever
"YG MAU BANTUIN GW NGE-GANYANG WEBSITE FORUM BOLA MALAYSIA RT TWEET INI, GW KASIH NANTI KODENYA. Thanks. #GARUDADIDADAKU"
mengalir..mengalir..mengalir 256*30 data yg gw kirim sampe pagi
"anak JAKMANIA, VIKING, BONEK serbu GBK 29 nanti!! kita bikin kerusuhan !! wkakakka"
oh yeah!! DDoSer gw masih ada!! yes! mampus tuh forum bola malay anjing.
"probably one of the first RG's works I was exposed to, earlier last year. an ironic/slightly comedic take on artificial intelligence - classic RG."
this new skrillex slaps
this new discord color is actually a bigger problem than the logotype redesign
"this will not be faster than cycles-x with a multi GPU support, but until then, this will make do just fine. #b3d #cyclesX"
"the only issue with this hack is probably memory efficiency and scene loading. as two instances of blender will have to load and sync the same blend file individually, twice the amount of headroom may be required on system memory and CPU."
"multi-GPU rendering is yet to be supported on cycles-x branch of Blender 3.0, however running two instances of Blender on different GPUs and have both instances rendering the same blend file seems to be working."
industri 4.0 ndasmu
curiga yg nilep datanya locals juga hence the low price tag. idk just a hunch.
"🌍💥@Nahiiko and i will play geoguessr on stream tonight.
around midnight SGT / 6:30pm CET.
ㅤ
twitch links to follow."
"we shot that GBK seq at night with no permit and a make-shift anamorphic adapter that'd look sus compared to ur usual DSLRs.

moral of the story is to just shoot whatever u need if it's not for commercial purposes. god only knows at this point what's considered pro camera or not."
"how many editions of free_agent_zer0 i should swap on @hicetnunc2000? 

vote now. vote wisely. you have one hour."
"✅fuck the government (not necessarily the one you think)
✅buy crypto
✅secure your shit"
might fuck around and mint something on @hicetnunc2000 today
i should probably upgrade @m3m0rydump to GPT-2 instead.
classic izzy.
i'm stuck in this loop where i'm a little too late by global standards and almost always too advance by local standards. fuck.
"FIX YOUR SYSTEM.
SECURE YOUR SHIT. 
stop doing meaningless web censorship. 
it doesn't stop anybody from performing illicit actions."
𝒊 𝒄𝒂𝒏 𝒔𝒆𝒏𝒔𝒆 𝒂 𝒔𝒕𝒐𝒓𝒎 𝒃𝒓𝒆𝒘𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒊𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒉𝒐𝒓𝒊𝒛𝒐𝒏
"the question wasn't whether investors can profit out of it, but whether i can do so without non-fungible token standards."
huh are u saying i can cryptographically proof that i was the legitimate creator of this work while (maybe) making some money out of it
still no mention about investigating how the system was breached or effort to tighten their security with encryption/cryptographic hash.